ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de451	Afognak Lake, AK: Afognak Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de453	Granite Mountain, AK: Bear Creek Mining Strip
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de454	Lik, AK: Lik Mining Camp
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de455	Little Squaw, AK: Little Squaw Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de456	Kizhuyak, AK: Kizhuyak Bay
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de457	Klawock, AK: Klawock Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de458	Elizabeth Island, AK: Elizabeth Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de459	Homer, AK: Augustin Island
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de46f	Hudson, NY: Columbia County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de470	Peach Springs, AZ: Grand Canyon West
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de471	Blairstown, NJ: Blairstown Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de472	Crosbyton, TX: Crosbyton Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de473	Fairbanks/Ft. Wainwright, AK: Blair Lake
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de474	Deadmans Bay, AK: Deadmans Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de475	Hallo Bay, AK: Hallo Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de476	Red Lake, AK: Red Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de477	Shell Lake, AK: Shell Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de478	Kougarok, AK: Navigator Airstrip
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de48e	Selawik, AK: Roland Norton Memorial
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de48f	Pillar Bay, AK: Pillar Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de490	Johnstone Point, AK: Johnstone Point Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de491	Tikchik Lodge, AK: Tikchik Lodge Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de492	Bell Creek, AK: Bell Creek Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de493	Cinnabar, AK: Cinnabar Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de494	Mountaintop Mine, AK: Mountaintop Mine Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de495	Whitebear, AK: Whitebear Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de496	Puviaq, AK: Puviaq Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de497	Arley Lake, AK: Arley Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de4ad	Port Vita, AK: Port Vita Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de4ae	Kantishna, AK: Kantishna Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de4b0	Alpine, AK: Alpine Airstrip
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de4b1	Serpentine, AK: Serpentine Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de4b2	Driftwood Bay, AK: Driftwood Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de4b3	Bradley Lake, AK: Bradley Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de4b4	Chilkat Lake, AK: Chilkat Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de4b5	Nugget Creek, AK: Nugget Creek Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de4b6	Ivotuk, AK: Ivotuk Airstrip
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de4cc	Pogo Mines, AK: Pogo Mines Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de4cd	Ayakulik River, AK: Ayakulik River Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de4ce	Kiluda Bay, AK: Kiluda Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de4cf	Terror Lake, AK: Terror Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de4d0	Selief Bay, AK: Selief Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de4d3	Laura Lake, AK: Laura Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de4d5	Deep Bay, AK: Deep Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de4eb	Kako, AK: Kako Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de4ec	Molly Creek, AK: Molly Creek Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de4ed	Ptarmigan Lake, AK: Ptarmigan Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de4ee	Cape Simpson, AK: Cape Simpson Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de4ef	Kogru River, AK: Kogru River Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de4f0	Teshepkuk Lake, AK: Teshepkuk Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de4f1	Kodiak Island, AK: Trident Basin Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de4f3	Lake Florence, AK: Lake Florence Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de4f4	Lake Hasselborg, AK: Lake Hasselborg Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de50a	Distin Lake, AK: Distin Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de50b	Port Hobron, AK: Port Hobron Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de50c	Mooseville Airstrip, AK: Mooseville Airstrip Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de50d	Big Bay, AK: Big Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de50e	Wien Lake, AK: Wien Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de50f	Silver Salmon Creek, AK: Silver Salmon Creek Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de510	Blear Lake, AK: Blear Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de511	Cannery Bay, AK: Cannery Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de513	Bear Lake, AK: Johnsons Landing
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de529	International Seafoods, AK: International Seafoods Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de52a	Cosna River, AK: Cosna River Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de52b	Ivatuk, AK: Ivatuk Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de52d	Cape Sarichef, AK: Cape Sarichef Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de52e	Taylor Mountain Mine, AK: Taylor Mountain
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de52f	Yukon Charley Rivvers, AK: Coal Creek
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de531	Karluk Portage, AK: Karluk Portage Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de532	Hope, AK: Hope Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de548	Viekoda Bay, AK: Viekoda Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de54a	Cold Bay, AK: Cathedral Strip
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de54b	Village Islands, AK: Village Islands Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de54c	Homer, AK: Bear Cove Farm
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de54d	Chinitna Bay, AK: Chinitna Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de54e	McKinley Park, AK: McKinley National Park
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de54f	Nanwalek, AK: Dog Fish Bay
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de550	Malina Bay, AK: Malina Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de551	Red Fox Bay, AK: Red Fox Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de567	Shearwater, AK: Shearwater Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de568	Cape Simpson, AK: Lake
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de569	Cape Simpson, AK: Cape Simpson No. 1
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de56a	Cape Simpson, AK: Cape Simpson No. 7
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de56b	Aglaq, AK: Cape Simpson #1
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de56c	Nikiski, AK: Nikiski Private Airstrip
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de56d	Petrof Point, AK: Petrof Point Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de56e	Denali, AK: Denali West Lodge Private
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de56f	Big River, AK: Big River Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de811	Carry Inlet, AK: Carry Inlet Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de813	Montague Island, AK: Montague Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de814	Shannon Pond, AK: Shannon Pond Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de815	Omalik Lagoon, AK: Omalik Lagoon Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de816	Omolik Lagoon, AK: Omolik Lagoon Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de817	Bradley Lake Project, AK: Bradley Lake Project Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de818	Barrow, AK: Ice Strip
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de819	Barrow, AK: Ice Strip
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de81a	Barrow, AK: Ice Strip
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de830	Akulik, AK: Akulik Air Strip
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de831	Deadfall, AK: Deadfall Air Strip
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de832	Eagle Creek, AK: Eagle Creek Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de833	Bethel, AK: Ice Kong
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de836	Kachemak Bay, AK: Glacier Split
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de837	Selby Lake, AK: Selby Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de838	Anaa, French Polynesia: Anaa Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de839	Arrabury, Australia: Arrabury Station
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de84f	El Arish, Egypt: El Arish International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de850	Annaba, Algeria: Rabah Bitat
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de851	Apalachicola, FL: Apalachicola Regional Cleve Randolph Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de852	Aachen, Germany: Aachen/Merzbruck
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de853	Arraias, Brazil: Arraias Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de854	Aalborg, Denmark: Aalborg Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de855	Mala Mala, South Africa: Malamala
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de856	Al Ain, United Arab Emirates: Al Ain International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de857	Anaco, Venezuela: Anaco Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de858	Anapa, Russia: Anapa Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de86e	Aarhus, Denmark: Aarhus Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de86f	Asau, Samoa: Asau W Sam
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de870	Araxa, Brazil: Araxa Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de872	Abadan, Iran: Abadan Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de873	Allentown/Bethlehem/Easton, PA: Lehigh Valley International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de873	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de873	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de873	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de873	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de873	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de873	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de873	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de873	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de873	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de873	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de873	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de873	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de873	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de874	Abilene, TX: Abilene Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de874	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de874	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de874	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de874	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de874	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de874	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de874	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de874	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de874	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de874	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de874	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de874	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de874	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de874	76.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de874	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de874	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de874	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de874	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de874	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de874	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de874	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de874	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de874	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de875	Abidjan, Cote d'Ivoire: Felix Houphouet Boigny Abidjan International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de876	Kabri Dar, Ethiopia: Kebri Dahar
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de877	Ambler, AK: Ambler River
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	Albuquerque, NM: Albuquerque International Sunport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	120.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	78.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	126.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88d	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88e	Aberdeen, SD: Aberdeen Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88e	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88e	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de88f	Abu Simbel, Egypt: Abu Simbel Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de890	Al-Baha, Saudi Arabia: Al-Baha Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de891	Abuja, Nigeria: Abuja Nnamdi Azikiwe International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de892	Albury, Australia: Albury Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de893	Albany, GA: Southwest Georgia Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de893	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de893	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de893	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de893	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de893	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de893	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de893	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de893	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de894	Aberdeen, United Kingdom: Aberdeen Dyce
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de895	Acapulco, Mexico: General Juan N Alvarez International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de896	Bellaire, MI: Antrim County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8ac	Accra, Ghana: Accra Kotoka International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8ad	Arrecife, Spain: Lanzarote
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8ae	Altenrhein, Switzerland: St Gallen Altenrhein
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8af	Alderney, United Kingdom: Alderney Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b0	Nantucket, MA: Nantucket Memorial
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b1	Waco, TX: Waco Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b1	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b1	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b1	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b1	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b1	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b1	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b1	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b1	74.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b1	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b2	Achutupo, Panama: Achutupo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b3	Arcata/Eureka, CA: Arcata
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b3	96.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b3	87.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b3	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b4	Atlantic City, NJ: Atlantic City International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b4	116.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b4	137.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b4	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b4	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b4	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b4	123.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b4	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b4	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b4	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b4	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b4	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b4	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b4	147.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b4	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8b5	Adana, Turkey: Adana International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8cb	Izmir, Turkey: Adnan Menderes
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8cc	Andakombe, Papua New Guinea: Andakombe Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8cd	Addis Ababa, Ethiopia: Bole International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8ce	Aden, Yemen: Aden International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8cf	Amman, Jordan: Marka International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8d0	Adak Island, AK: Adak
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8d0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8d1	Adelaide, Australia: Adelaide International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8d2	Ardmore, OK: Ardmore Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8d3	Andes, Colombia: Andes Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8d4	Andamooka, Australia: Andamooka Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8ea	Kodiak, AK: Kodiak Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8ea	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8ea	76.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8ea	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8eb	Dallas, TX: Addison
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8ec	Camp Springs, MD: Joint Base Andrews
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8ed	St Andrews, United Kingdom: RAF Leuchars
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8ee	San Andres Island, Colombia: Gustavo Rojas Pinilla
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8ef	Al Dhafra, United Arab Emirates: Al Dhafra Air Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8f0	Aleneva, AK: Aleneva Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8f1	Padang Sidempuan, Indonesia: Aek Godang
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de8f2	Abeche, Chad: Abeche Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de909	Aioun El Atrouss, Mauritania: Aioun El Atrouss Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de90a	Buenos Aires, Argentina: Aeroparque Jorge Newbery
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de90b	Adler/Sochi, Russia: Adler/Sochi Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de90c	Aalesund, Norway: Vigra
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de90d	Allakaket, AK: Allakaket Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de90e	Alexandria, LA: Alexandria International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de90e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de90e	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de90e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de90e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de90e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de90e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de90e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de90e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de90e	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de90e	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de90e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de90e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de90e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de90e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de90e	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de90e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de90e	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de90e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de90e	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de90e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de90e	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de90e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de90e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de90e	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de90e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de90f	Akureyri, Iceland: Akureyri Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de911	San Rafael, Argentina: San Rafael Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de912	Colorado Springs, CO: USAF Academy Airfield
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de928	Nebraska, NE: Nebraska City Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de929	Afton, WY: Afton Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de92a	Wadesboro, NC: Anson County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de92c	Dallas/Fort Worth, TX: Fort Worth Alliance
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de92d	Afyon, Turkey: Afyon Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de92e	Agadir, Morocco: Inezgane
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de92f	Augsburg, Germany: Augsburg Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de930	Pittsburgh, PA: Allegheny County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47de931	Agen, France: Agen La Garenne
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47debd2	Angoram, Papua New Guinea: Angoram Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47debd3	Angelholm/Helsingborg, Sweden: Angelholm
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47debd4	Kagua, Papua New Guinea: Kagua Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47debd5	Wanigela, Papua New Guinea: Wanigela Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47debd6	Angoon, AK: Angoon Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47debd7	Malaga, Spain: Malaga Costa del Sol
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47debd8	Agrinion, Greece: Agrinion Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47debd9	Agra, India: Agra Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47debda	Augusta, GA: Augusta Regional at Bush Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47debda	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47debda	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47debda	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47debda	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47debda	246.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47debda	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47debda	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47debda	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47debda	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47debda	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47debda	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47debda	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47debda	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47debda	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47debda	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47debda	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47debda	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47debda	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47debda	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47debda	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47debdb	Ciudad del Este, Paraguay: Guarani International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47debf1	Aguascalientes, Mexico: Jesus Teran International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47debf2	Acarigua, Venezuela: Oswaldo Guevara Mujica
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47debf3	Agatti Island, India: Agatti Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47debf4	Okinawa, Japan: Naha AB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47debf5	Abha, Saudi Arabia: Abha Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47debf6	Ardmore, OK: Ardmore Downtown Executive
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47debf7	Athens, GA: Athens/Ben Epps
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47debf8	Alghero/Sassari, Italy: Alghero
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47debf9	Ahuas, Honduras: Auas
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47debfa	Amchitka Island, AK: Amchitka
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec10	Al Hoceima, Morocco: Cherif El Idrissi International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec11	Alliance, NE: Alliance Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec12	Anita Bay, AK: Anita Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec13	Anderson, IN: Anderson Municipal-Darlington Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec14	Aiken, SC: Aiken Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec15	Wainwright, AK: Wainwright Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec16	Aitutaki, Cook Islands: Aitutaki Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec17	Atlantic City, NJ: Bader Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec18	Lake of the Ozarks, MO: Lee C Fine Memorial
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec19	Ajaccio, France: Ajaccio Napoleon Bonaparte
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec2f	Jouf, Saudi Arabia: Al Jouf
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec30	Akjoujt, Mauritania: Akjoujt Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec31	Aizwal, India: Lengpui
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec32	Anjouan, Comoros: Ouani
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec33	Arvidsjaur, Sweden: Arvidsjaur Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec34	Aracaju, Brazil: Santa Maria
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec35	Agades, Niger: Mano Dayak
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec36	Atka, AK: Atka Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec37	Akron, OH: Akron Fulton International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec38	Kufrah, Libya: Kufra
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec4f	Akiak, AK: Akiak Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec50	Asahikawa, Japan: Asahikawa Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec51	Akhiok, AK: Akhiok Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec52	Auckland, New Zealand: Auckland International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec53	King Salmon, AK: King Salmon Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec54	Akron, CO: Colorado Plains Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec55	Anaktuvuk Pass, AK: Anaktuvuk Pass Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec56	Akure, Nigeria: Akure Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec57	Auki, Solomon Islands: Auki Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec6d	Akrotiri, Cyprus: Akrotiri Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec6e	Aktyubinsk, Kazakhstan: Aktyubinsk Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec6f	Sittwe, Burma: Sittwe Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec70	Albertville, AL: Albertville Regional-Thomas J Brumlik Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec71	Alabaster, AL: Shelby County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec72	Huntsville, AL: Huntsville Executive Airport Tom Sharp Jr
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec73	Almaty, Kazakhstan: Almaty Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	Albany, NY: Albany International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	103.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	241.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	77.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	115.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	74.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec74	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec75	Alicante, Spain: Alicante Elche
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec76	Alpine, TX: Alpine Casparis Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec8c	Alta, Norway: Alta Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec8d	Algiers, Algeria: Houari Boumediene
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec8e	Albany, Australia: Albany Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec8f	Alice, TX: Alice International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec90	Alexander Bay, South Africa: Alexander Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec91	Asela, Ethiopia: Asela Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec92	Alamogordo, NM: Alamogordo White Sands Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec93	Alton, IL: St. Louis Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec94	Waterloo, IA: Waterloo Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec94	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec94	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec94	154.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec94	223.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec94	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dec95	Aleppo, Syria: Aleppo International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decab	Alegrete, Brazil: Alegrete Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decac	Alexandra, New Zealand: Alexandra Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decad	Alamosa, CO: San Luis Valley Regional/Bergman Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decae	Alenquer, Brazil: Alenquer Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decaf	Alula, Somalia: Alula Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb0	Walla Walla, WA: Walla Walla Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb1	Alexander City, AL: Thomas C. Russell Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb2	Alexandria, Egypt: Alexandria International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb3	Lazy Bay, AK: Alitak Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	Amarillo, TX: Rick Husband Amarillo International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	71.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	80.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	95.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decca	Ahmedabad, India: Ahmedabad Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47deccb	Ama, Papua New Guinea: Ama Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47deccc	Amboin, Papua New Guinea: Amboin Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47deccd	Arba Minch, Ethiopia: Arba Minch Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decce	Mataram, Indonesia: Selaparang
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47deccf	Durango, CO: Animas Air Park
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decd0	Puerto Armuelles, Panama: Puerto Armuelles Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decd1	Amman, Jordan: Queen Alia International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decd2	Alma, MI: Gratiot Community
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decd3	Mao, Chad: Mao Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dece9	Ampanihy, Madagascar: Ampanihy Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decea	Ambon, Indonesia: Pattimura
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47deceb	Amsterdam, Netherlands: Schiphol
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47deced	Ames, IA: Ames Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decee	Ammaroo, Australia: Ammaroo Station
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decef	Ambatomainty, Madagascar: Ambatomainty Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf0	Anaheim, CA: Anaheim-Disneyland HP
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf1	Anniston, AL: Anniston Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	Anchorage, AK: Ted Stevens Anchorage International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	69.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	160.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	375.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47decf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47def93	Anderson, SC: Anderson Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47def94	Angers, France: Angers Marce
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47def95	Antofagasta, Chile: Cerro Moreno International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47def96	Angouleme, France: Angouleme Brie Champniers
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47def97	Aniak, AK: Aniak Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47def98	Ankara, Turkey: Etimesgut
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47def99	Antalaha, Madagascar: Antsirabato
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47def9a	Annette, AK: Annette Island
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47def9b	Angoche, Mozambique: Angoche Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47def9c	Annapolis, MD: Lee
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47defb2	Antwerp, Belgium: Deurne
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47defb3	Andahuaylas, Peru: Andahuaylas Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47defb4	St. Johns, Antigua and Barbuda: V C Bird International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47defb5	Anvik, AK: Anvik Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47defb6	Andeness, Norway: Andoya
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47defb9	Lima, OH: Lima Allen County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47defba	Ancona, Italy: Falconara
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47defbb	Aomori, Japan: Aomori Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47defd1	Karpathos, Greece: Karpathos Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47defd2	Paso de Los Libres, Argentina: Paso de Los Libres Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47defd3	Altoona, PA: Altoona-Blair County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47defd4	Alor Setar, Malaysia: Sultan Abdul Halim
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47defd5	Amook Bay, AK: Amook Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47defd6	Denver, CO: Centennial
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47defd7	Apolo, Bolivia: Apolo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47defd8	Napa, CA: Napa County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47defd9	San Juan Aposento, Peru: San Juan Aposento Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47defda	Naples, FL: Naples Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47deff0	Aberdeen, MD: Phillips AAF
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47deff1	Apataki, French Polynesia: Apataki Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47deff2	Nampula, Mozambique: Nampula Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47deff3	Alpena, MI: Alpena County Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47deff3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47deff3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47deff3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47deff4	Apartado, Colombia: Apartado Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47deff5	April River, Papua New Guinea: April River Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47deff6	Jasper, TN: Marion County Brown Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47deff7	Apple Valley, CA: Apple Valley Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47deff8	Apia, Samoa: Faleolo International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47deff9	Qaisumah, Saudi Arabia: Al Qaisumah
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df00f	Aqaba, Jordan: Aqaba King Hussein International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df011	Arequipa, Peru: Rodriguez Ballon International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df012	Saqani, Fiji: Saqani Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df013	Girdwood, AK: Girdwood Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df014	Russellville, AR: Russellville Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df015	Conway, AR: Dennis F Cantrell Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df016	New Iberia, LA: Acadiana Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df017	Ann Arbor, MI: Ann Arbor Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df018	Arctic Village, AK: Arctic Village Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df02e	Alor, Indonesia: Arcadia Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df02f	Arecibo, PR: Antonio/Nery/Juarbe Pol
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df030	Walnut Ridge, AR: Walnut Ridge Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df031	Arkhangelsk, Russia: Arkhangelsk Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df032	Arica, Chile: Chacalluta
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df033	Arusha, Tanzania: Arusha Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df034	Armidale, Australia: Armidale Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df035	Stockholm, Sweden: Arlanda
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df036	Aragip, Papua New Guinea: Aragip Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df037	Arauquita, Colombia: Arauquita Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df04d	Aragarcas, Brazil: Aragarcas Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df04e	Watertown, NY: Watertown International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df04f	Aracatuba, Brazil: Aracatuba Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df050	Minocqua/Woodruff, WI: Lakeland/Noble F. Lee Memorial Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df051	Arad, Romania: Arad Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df052	Asbury Park, NJ: Asbury Park/Monmouth County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df053	Ararat, Australia: Ararat Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df054	N'zeto, Angola: N'zeto Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df055	Assab, Eritrea: Assab International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df056	Ashgabat, Turkmenistan: Ashgabat Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06c	Ascension, Bolivia: Ascension Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06d	Andros Town, The Bahamas: Fresh Creek
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	Aspen, CO: Aspen Pitkin County Sardy Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	69.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	92.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	136.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	69.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	88.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06e	96.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df06f	Ashburton, New Zealand: Ashburton Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df070	Nashua, NH: Boire Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df071	Ascension Island, Saint Helena, Ascension, and Tristan da Cunha: Ascension Aux Af
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df072	Amami O Shima, Japan: Amami
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df073	Yamoussoukro, Cote d'Ivoire: Yamoussoukro Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df074	Marshall, TX: Harrison County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df075	Asmara, Eritrea: Asmara International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df08b	Talladega, AL: Talladega Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df08c	Asosa, Ethiopia: Asosa Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df08d	Alice Springs, Australia: Alice Springs Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df08e	Austin, NV: Austin Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df08f	Kayseri, Turkey: Kayseri Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df090	Astoria/Seaside, OR: Astoria Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df091	Asuncion, Paraguay: Silvio Pettirossi International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df092	Aswan, Egypt: Aswan International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df093	Ashland, WI: John F Kennedy Memorial
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df094	Ashley, ND: Ashley Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0aa	Anta, Peru: Anta Huaraz
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0ab	Atbara, Sudan: Atbara Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0ac	Arthur's Town, The Bahamas: Arthur's Town Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0ad	Antlers, OK: Antlers Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0ae	Athens, Greece: Eleftherios Venizelos International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0af	Artigas, Uruguay: Artigas International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b0	Atqasuk, AK: Atqasuk Edward Burnell Sr. Memorial
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	Atlanta, GA: Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	98.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	115.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	111.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	277.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	213.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	424.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	234.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	186.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	88.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	228.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	95.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	206.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	159.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	126.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	100.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	78.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	73.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	466.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	296.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	81.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	138.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	86.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	78.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	97.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	204.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	158.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	138.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	85.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	90.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	146.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	81.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	160.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	164.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	90.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	120.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	134.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	157.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	95.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	279.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	121.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	120.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	112.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	220.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	229.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	112.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	121.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	95.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	239.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	135.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	96.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	131.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	160.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	387.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	300.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	178.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	73.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	122.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	99.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	100.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	77.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	75.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	95.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	100.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	82.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	71.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	292.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	91.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	174.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	110.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	127.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	118.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	105.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	76.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	98.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	84.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	98.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	74.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	72.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	71.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	126.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	111.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	80.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	227.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	123.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	78.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	85.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	84.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	105.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	653.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	98.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	107.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	239.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	132.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	96.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	73.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	194.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	124.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	319.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	126.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	96.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	445.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	69.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	84.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	82.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	95.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	121.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	72.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	99.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	93.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	186.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	77.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b2	Altamira, Brazil: Altamira Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df0b3	Namatanai, Papua New Guinea: Namatanai Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df354	Athens, OH: Ohio University
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df355	Aitape, Papua New Guinea: Aitape Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df356	Amritsar, India: Amritsar Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df357	Atar, Mauritania: Atar Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df358	Artesia, NM: Artesia Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df359	Atmautluak, AK: Atmautluak Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df35a	Attu, AK: Casco Cove CGS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df35b	Ati, Chad: Ati Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df35c	Appleton, WI: Outagamie County Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df35c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df35c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df35c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df35c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df35c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df35c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df35c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df35c	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df35c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df35c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df35c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df35c	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df35c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df35c	96.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df35c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df35c	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df35c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df35c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df35c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df35c	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df35c	146.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df35c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df35c	108.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df35c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df35c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df35d	Watertown, SD: Watertown Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df373	Assiut, Egypt: Assiut Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df374	Aruba, Aruba: Reina Beatrix International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df375	Arauca, Colombia: Santiago Perez
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df376	Augustus Downs, Australia: Augustus Downs Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df377	Augusta/Waterville, ME: Augusta State
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df378	Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates: Abu Dhabi International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df379	Alakanuk, AK: Alakanuk Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df37a	Austin/Albert Lea, MN: Austin Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df37b	Auburn, CA: Auburn Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df37c	Auburn, AL: Auburn University Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df392	Aguan, Papua New Guinea: Aguan Papua N.G.
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df393	Atuona, French Polynesia: Hiva Oa/Atuona
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df394	Aurillac, France: Aurillac Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	Austin, TX: Austin - Bergstrom International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	87.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	340.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	138.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	321.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	94.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	198.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	200.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	170.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	123.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	194.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	88.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	175.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	77.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df395	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df396	Wausau, WI: Wausau Downtown
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df397	Araguaina, Brazil: Araguaina Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df398	Aneityum, Vanuatu: Aneityum Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df399	Aurora, IL: Aurora Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df39a	Aviano, Italy: Aviano AB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3b1	Ciego de Avila, Cuba: Maximo Gomez
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3b2	Asheville, NC: Asheville Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3b2	75.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3b2	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3b2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3b2	152.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3b2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3b2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3b2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3b2	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3b2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3b2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3b2	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3b2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3b2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3b2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3b2	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3b2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3b2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3b2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3b3	Avignon, France: Avignon Caumont
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3b4	Avon Park, FL: Avon Park Executive
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3b5	Scranton/Wilkes-Barre, PA: Wilkes Barre Scranton International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3b5	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3b5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3b5	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3b5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3b5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3b5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3b5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3b5	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3b5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3b5	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3b6	Avalon, Australia: Avalon Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3b7	Tucson, AZ: Marana Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3b8	Avalon, CA: Catalina
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3b9	Awasa, Ethiopia: Lake Awasa
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3ba	Wake Island, TT: Wake Island Airfield
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3d0	West Memphis, AR: West Memphis Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3d1	Awar, Papua New Guinea: Awar Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3d2	Andrews, TX: Andrews County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3d3	Ahwaz, Iran: Ahwaz Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3d4	The Valley, Anguilla: Clayton J. Lloyd
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3d5	Alexandria Bay, NY: Maxson Airfield
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3d6	Aramac, Australia: Aramac Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3d7	Alexandroupolis, Greece: Dimokritos
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3d8	Armenia, Colombia: El Eden
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3d9	Alexandria, MN: Chandler Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3ef	Spring Point, The Bahamas: Spring Point Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3f0	Altus, OK: Altus/Quartz Mountain Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3f1	Akita, Japan: Akita Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3f2	Axum, Ethiopia: Axum Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3f3	Wapakoneta, OH: Neil Armstrong
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3f4	Eagle Nest, NM: Angel Fire
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3f5	Anthony Lagoon, Australia: Anthony Lagoon Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3f6	Ayacucho, Peru: Coronel FAP Alfredo Mendivil Duarte
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3f7	Ayers Rock, Australia: Ayers Rock Connellan
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df3f8	Ayr, Australia: Ayr Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df40e	Waycross, GA: Waycross-Ware County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df40f	Antalya, Turkey: Antalya Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df410	Ayawasi, Indonesia: Ayawasi Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df411	Grand Canyon, AZ: Valle
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df412	Williams, AZ: H. A. Clark Memorial Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df413	Glendale, AZ: Glendale Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df414	Phoenix, AZ: Phoenix - Mesa Gateway
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df415	Yazd, Iran: Shahid Sadooghi
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df416	Apatzingan, Mexico: Pablo L. Sidar
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df417	Kalamazoo, MI: Kalamazoo/Battle Creek International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df417	84.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df417	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df417	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df417	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df417	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df417	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df417	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df417	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df417	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df417	122.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df417	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df417	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df417	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df417	100.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df417	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df417	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df417	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df417	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df417	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df42d	Samana, Dominican Republic: El Catey International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df42e	Biddeford, ME: Biddeford Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df42f	Carrabassett, ME: Sugarloaf Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df430	Bialla, Papua New Guinea: Bialla Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df431	Marysville, CA: Beale AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df432	Barranca de Upia, Colombia: Barranca de Upia Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df433	Shreveport, LA: Barksdale AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df434	Barcelonnette, France: Barcelonnette Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df435	Westfield, MA: Westfield Barnes Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df436	Baguio, Philippines: Baguio Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df44c	Manama, Bahrain: Bahrain International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df44d	Buenos Aires, Costa Rica: Buenos Aires Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df44e	Baku, Azerbaijan: Heydar Aliyev International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df44f	Batman, Turkey: Batman Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df450	Battle Mountain, NV: Battle Mountain Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df451	Ban Mak Khaeng, Thailand: Udorn AB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df452	Barranquilla, Colombia: Ernesto Cortissoz
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df453	Baker Island, AK: Baker AAF
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df454	Barth, East Germany: Barth Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df455	Bauru, Brazil: Bauru-Arealva
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df46b	Baotou, China: Baotou Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df46c	Barnaul, Russia: Barnaul Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df46d	Baia Mare, Romania: Baia Mare Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df46e	Balmaceda, Chile: Balmaceda Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df46f	Bay City, TX: Bay City Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df470	Burlington, MA: N Eng Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df472	Bhubaneswar, India: Bhubaneswar Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df473	Berbera, Somalia: Berbera International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df474	Barbuda, Antigua and Barbuda: Cocoa Point
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df715	Basse Terre, Guadeloupe: Baillif
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df716	Blackbushe, United Kingdom: Blackbushe Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df717	Berberati, Central African Republic: Berberati Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df718	Bucharest, Romania: Baneasa Aurel Vlaicu
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df719	Blue Bell, PA: Wings Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df71a	Bambari, Central African Republic: Bambari Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df71b	Zambezi, Zambia: Zambezi Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df71c	Baracoa, Cuba: Gustavo Rizo
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df71d	Blacksburg, VA: Virginia Tech/Montgomery Executive
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df71e	Bear Creek, AK: Bear Creek Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df734	Bacolod, Philippines: Bacolod Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df735	Bryce Canyon, UT: Bryce Canyon Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df736	Baucau, Timor-Leste: Cakung
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df737	Barcaldine, Australia: Barcaldine Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df738	Crestone, CO: Baca Grande
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df739	Barra del Colorado, Costa Rica: Barra del Colorado Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df73a	Bacau, Romania: Bacau Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df73b	Barcelona, Spain: Barcelona-El Prat
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df73c	Belle Chasse, LA: Southern Seaplane
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df73d	Boca Raton, FL: Boca Raton Public
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df753	Bulchi, Ethiopia: Bulchi Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df754	Hamilton, Bermuda: L. F. Wade International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df755	Bundaberg, Australia: Bundaberg Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df756	Baudette, MN: Baudette International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df757	Blanding, UT: Blanding Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df758	Bandar Lengeh, Iran: Bandar Lengeh Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df759	Bird Island, Seychelles: Bird Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75a	Bandjarmasin, Indonesia: Syamsudin Noor
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75b	Bondoukou, Cote d'Ivoire: Bondoukou/Soko
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	Hartford, CT: Bradley International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	293.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	205.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	96.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	73.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	129.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	108.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	161.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	147.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	97.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df75c	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df772	Bandirma, Turkey: Bandirma Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df773	Badin, Pakistan: Talhar
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df774	Bandung, Indonesia: Husein Sastranegara
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df775	Bhadrapur/Chandragadhi, Nepal: Chandragadhi
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df776	Vadodara, India: Vadodara Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df777	Bridgeport, CT: Igor I Sikorsky Memorial
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df778	Brindisi, Italy: Casale
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df779	Bardufoss, Norway: Bardufoss Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df77a	Bandon, OR: Bandon State
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df77b	Benbecula, United Kingdom: Benbecula Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df791	Bedford, MA: Laurence G Hanscom Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df792	Bluefields, Nicaragua: Bluefields Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df793	Belgrade, Serbia: Beograd
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df794	Benton Harbor/St. Joseph, MI: Southwest Michigan Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df795	Beica, Ethiopia: Beica Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df796	Belem, Brazil: Val de Cans International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df798	Benghazi, Libya: Benina International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df799	Newcastle, Australia: Aeropelican
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df79a	Berlin, Germany: Berlin Metropolitan Area
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7b0	Brest, France: Brest Bretagne
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7b1	Bethel, AK: Bethel Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7b1	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7b2	Bedourie, Australia: Bedourie North
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7b3	Beersheba, Israel: Teyman
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7b4	Beira, Mozambique: Beira Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7b5	Beirut, Lebanon: Rafic Hariri International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7b6	Blue Fox Bay, AK: Blue Fox Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7b7	Bradford, PA: Bradford Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7b8	Scottsbluff, NE: Western Neb. Regional/William B. Heilig Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7b9	Seattle, WA: Boeing Field/King County International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7cf	Aurora, CO: Buckley AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7d0	Bakersfield, CA: Meadows Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7d0	89.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7d0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7d0	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7d0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7d0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7d0	75.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7d0	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7d0	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7d0	96.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7d0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7d0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7d0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7d0	141.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7d0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7d0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7d0	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7d0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7d0	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7d0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7d0	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7d0	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7d0	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7d0	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7d0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7d0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7d1	Mobile, AL: Mobile Downtown
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7d2	Bloemfontein, South Africa: Bram Fischer International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7d3	Buffalo Range, Zimbabwe: Buffalo Range Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7d4	Beaver Falls, PA: Beaver County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7d5	Bahia de Pinas, Panama: Bahia de Pinas Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7d6	Bedford, IN: Virgil I Grissom Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7d7	Belfast, United Kingdom: Belfast Aldergrove
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7d8	Beaufort, SC: Beaufort County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7ee	Bucaramanga, Colombia: Palonegro
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7ef	Booue, Gabon: Booue Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7f0	Borger, TX: Hutchinson County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7f1	Bainbridge, GA: Decatur County Industrial Air Park
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7f2	Bangui, Central African Republic: Bangui-M'Poko
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7f3	Barbados/Bridgetown, Barbados: Grantley Adams International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7f4	Baglung, Nepal: Baglung Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7f5	Binghamton, NY: Greater Binghamton/Edwin A. Link Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7f6	Bruggen, Germany: Bruggen Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df7f7	Bergen, Norway: Flesland
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df80d	Big Lake, AK: Big Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df80e	Bangor, ME: Bangor International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df80f	Big Spring, TX: Big Spring McMahon-Wrinkle
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df810	Bagdad, AZ: Bagdad Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df811	Bangassou, Central African Republic: Bangassou Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df812	Baghdad, Iraq: Al Muthana
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df813	Bage, Brazil: Comandante Gustavo Kraemer
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df814	Bergamo, Italy: Bergamo Orio Al Serio
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df815	Shaikh Isa, Bahrain: Isa AB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df816	Bar Harbor, ME: Hancock County-Bar Harbor
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df82c	Bullhead City, AZ: Laughlin/Bullhead International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df82d	Belfast, United Kingdom: Belfast City
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df82e	Blenheim, New Zealand: Woodbourne
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df82f	Brus Laguna, Honduras: Araslaya
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df830	Bisha, Saudi Arabia: Bisha Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df831	Bahia Blanca, Argentina: Comandante Espora
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df832	Bhuj, India: Bhuj Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df833	Bukhara, Uzbekistan: Bukhara Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df834	Bahia de Los Angeles, Mexico: Bahia de Los Angeles North
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	Birmingham, AL: Birmingham-Shuttlesworth International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	93.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	96.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	103.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	102.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	154.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47df835	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfad6	Beihan, Yemen: Beihan Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfad7	Bhopal, India: Raja Bhoj
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfad8	Broken Hill, Australia: Broken Hill Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfad9	Bharatpur, Nepal: Bharatpur Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfada	Bathurst, Australia: Bathurst Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfadb	Brighton Downs, Australia: Brighton Downs Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfadc	Bhavnagar, India: Bhavnagar Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfadd	Bahawalpur, Pakistan: Bahawalpur International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfade	Birmingham, United Kingdom: Birmingham Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfadf	Beihai, China: Beihai Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfaf5	Belo Horizonte, Brazil: Belo Horizonte Metropolitan Area
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfaf6	Bastia, France: Bastia Poretta
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfaf7	Big Creek, AK: Big Creek Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfaf8	Block Island, RI: Block Island State
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfaf9	Beatrice, NE: Beatrice Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfafa	El Paso, TX: Biggs AAF
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfafb	Big Delta, AK: Allen AAF
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfafc	Bishop, CA: Eastern Sierra Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfafd	Bikini Atoll, Marshall Islands: Bikini Atoll Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfafe	Biak, Indonesia: Manuhua
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb14	Billings, MT: Billings Logan International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb14	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb14	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb14	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb14	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb14	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb14	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb14	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb14	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb14	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb14	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb14	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb14	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb14	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb14	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb14	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb14	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb14	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb14	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb14	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb14	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb15	Bimini, The Bahamas: Bimini International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb16	Bamyan, Afghanistan: Bamyan Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb17	Bilbao, Spain: Bilbao Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb18	Bulimba, Australia: Bulimba Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb19	Biarritz, France: Biarritz Bayonne Anglet
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb1a	Biratnagar, Nepal: Biratnagar Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb1b	Bismarck/Mandan, ND: Bismarck Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb1b	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb1b	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb1b	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb1b	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb1b	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb1b	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb1b	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb1b	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb1b	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb1b	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb1b	90.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb1b	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb1b	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb1b	272.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb1b	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb1b	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb1b	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb1b	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb1b	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb1b	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb1b	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb1b	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb1b	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb1b	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb1b	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb1b	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb1b	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb1b	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb1b	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb1b	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb1c	Bria, Central African Republic: Bria Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb1d	Biloxi, MS: Keesler AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb33	Broomfield, CO: Rocky Mountain Metro
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb34	Bemidji, MN: Bemidji Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb34	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb34	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb35	Wooster, OH: Wayne County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb36	Banjul, The Gambia: Banjul International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb37	Bujumbura, Burundi: Bujumbura International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb38	Bahir Dar, Ethiopia: Bahir Dar Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb39	Bajura, Nepal: Bajura Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb3a	Bodrum, Turkey: Imsik
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb3b	Leon/Guanajuato, Mexico: Guanajuato International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb3c	Badajoz, Spain: Badajoz Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb52	Buckland, AK: Buckland Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb53	Baker, OR: Baker City Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb54	Brooks Lake, AK: Brooks Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb55	Branson, MO: Branson Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb56	Kekaha, Kauai, HI: Barking Sands PMRF
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb57	Kota Kinabalu, Malaysia: Kota Kinabalu International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb58	Bangkok, Thailand: Don Mueang International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb59	Cleveland, OH: Burke Lakefront
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb5a	Bakelalan, Malaysia: Bakelalan Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb71	Bamako, Mali: Senou
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb72	Blackall, Australia: Blackall Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb73	Bengkulu, Indonesia: Fatmawati Soekarno
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb74	Betioky, Madagascar: Betioky Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb75	Beckley, WV: Raleigh County Memorial
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb76	Brookings, SD: Brookings Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb77	Bukavu, Congo (Kinshasa): Bukavu Kavumu
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb78	Bukoba, Tanzania: Bukoba Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb79	Barcelona, Venezuela: General Jose Antonio Anzoategui International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb7a	Balboa, Panama: Albrook AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb90	Bali, Cameroon: Bali Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb91	Boulder City, NV: Boulder City Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb92	Borlange, Sweden: Borlange Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb93	Princeton/Bluefield, WV: Mercer County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb94	Belaga, Malaysia: Belaga Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb95	Blythe, CA: Blythe Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb96	Bellingham, WA: Bellingham International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb96	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb96	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb96	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb96	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb96	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb97	Batna, Algeria: Mostepha Ben Boulaid
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb98	Blackpool, United Kingdom: Blackpool Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfb99	Billund, Denmark: Billund Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbaf	Belmar/Farmingdale, NJ: Monmouth Executive
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbb0	Blonduos, Iceland: Blonduos Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbb1	Bellavista, Peru: Bellavista 1
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbb2	Bologna, Italy: Bologna Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbb3	Bangalore, India: Kempegowda International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbb4	Blackwater, Australia: Blackwater Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbb5	Belleville, IL: Scott AFB/MidAmerica
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbb6	Blantyre, Malawi: Chileka International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbb7	Stockholm, Sweden: Bromma
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbb8	Bumba, Congo (Kinshasa): Bumba Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbce	Brigham City, UT: Brigham City Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbcf	Belo, Madagascar: Belo Sur Tsiribihina
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbd0	Broome, Australia: Broome International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbd1	Bloomington, IN: Monroe County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbd2	Bomai, Papua New Guinea: Bomai Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbd3	Bloomington/Normal, IL: Central Illinois Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbd3	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbd3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbd3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbd3	241.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbd3	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbd3	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbd3	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbd3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbd3	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbd3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbd3	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbd3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbd3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbd3	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbd3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbd3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbd3	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbd3	81.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbd3	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbd3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbd3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbd3	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbd3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbd4	Baramita, Guyana: Baramita Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbd5	Berlin, NH: Berlin Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbd6	Bitam, Gabon: Bitam Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbd7	Bhamo, Burma: Banmaw
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbed	Brampton Island, Australia: Brampton Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbee	Bordj Badji Mokhtar, Algeria: Bordj Mokhtar
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbef	Big Mountain, AK: Big Mountain AFS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	Nashville, TN: Nashville International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	84.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	391.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	87.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	120.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	108.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	80.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	123.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	75.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	175.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	123.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	96.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	73.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	77.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	212.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	88.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	148.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf1	Boende, Congo (Kinshasa): Boende Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf2	Bandar Abbas, Iran: Bandar Abbas International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf3	Brisbane, Australia: Brisbane International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf4	Baranof, AK: Warm Spring Bay Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf5	Banning, CA: Banning Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfbf6	Benin City, Nigeria: Benin City Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfe97	Ballina, Australia: Ballina Byron Gateway
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfe98	Barnwell, SC: Barnwell Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfe99	Bronnoysund, Norway: Bronnoy
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfe9a	Burns, OR: Burns Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfe9b	Barinas, Venezuela: Barinas Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfe9c	Banja Luka, Bosnia and Herzegovina: Banja Luka Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfe9d	Banz, Papua New Guinea: Banz Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfe9e	Boma, Congo (Kinshasa): Boma Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfe9f	Bora Bora, French Polynesia: Bora Bora Motu Mute
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfea0	Bocas del Toro, Panama: Bocas del Toro International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb6	Bordeaux, France: Bordeaux Merignac
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb7	Bogota, Colombia: El Dorado International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb8	Bournemouth, United Kingdom: Bournemouth Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	Boise, ID: Boise Air Terminal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	102.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	96.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	76.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	101.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	74.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	91.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	122.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeb9	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeba	Burgas, Bulgaria: Burgas Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfebb	Brookings, OR: Brookings Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfebc	Mumbai, India: Chhatrapati Shivaji International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfebd	Bonaire, Bonaire, Sint Eustatius, and Saba: Flamingo International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfebe	Bodo, Norway: Bodo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfebf	Boku, Papua New Guinea: Boku Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed5	Belfort, France: Fontaine
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	Boston, MA: Logan International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	84.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	209.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	158.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	96.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	113.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	159.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	88.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	77.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	165.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	170.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	107.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	115.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	158.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	77.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	86.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	223.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	73.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	106.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	76.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	88.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	118.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	96.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	128.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	292.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	65.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	74.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	241.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	149.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	96.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	125.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	144.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	77.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	74.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	88.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	116.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	65.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	179.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	150.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	116.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	230.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	164.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	77.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	76.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	184.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	158.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	92.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	65.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	282.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	96.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	106.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	99.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	93.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed6	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed7	Bartow, FL: Bartow Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed8	Borroloola, Australia: Borroloola Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfed9	Bobo Dioulasso, Burkina Faso: Bobo Dioulasso Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfeda	Bislig, Philippines: Bislig Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfedb	Balikpapan, Indonesia: Sepinggan
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfedc	Porto Seguro, Brazil: Porto Seguro Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfedd	Beaumont/Port Arthur, TX: Jack Brooks Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfedd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfedd	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfedd	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfedd	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfedd	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfedd	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfedd	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfedd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfede	Baler, Philippines: Baler Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfef4	London, United Kingdom: Biggin Hill
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfef5	Brunswick, GA: Brunswick Golden Isles
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfef5	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfef5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfef5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfef5	187.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfef5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfef5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfef5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfef5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfef6	Aguadilla, PR: Rafael Hernandez
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfef6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfef6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfef6	109.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfef6	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfef6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfef6	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfef6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfef6	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfef6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfef6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfef6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfef6	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfef6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfef7	Blagoveschensk, Russia: Blagoveshchensk
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfef8	Bequia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines: J. F. Mitchell
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfef9	Bartlett Cove, AK: Bartlett Cove Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfefa	Parana, Brazil: Pato Branco
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfefb	Barreiras, Brazil: Barreiras Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfefc	San Carlos de Bariloche, Argentina: San Carlos de Bariloche Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfefd	Brainerd, MN: Brainerd Lakes Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfefd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfefd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfefd	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dfefd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff13	Bremen, Germany: Bremen Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff14	Whitesburg, KY: Whitesburg Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff15	Bari, Italy: Bari Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff16	Bourke, Australia: Bourke Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff17	Burlington, IA: Southeast Iowa Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff18	Barquisimeto, Venezuela: Barquisimeto International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff19	Berne, Switzerland: Bern/Belp
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff1a	Brownsville, TX: Brownsville South Padre Island International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff1a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff1a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff1a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff1a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff1a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff1a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff1a	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff1a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff1a	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff1a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff1a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff1a	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff1a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff1a	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff1a	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff1a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff1a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff1a	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff1a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff1b	Brno, Czech Republic: Turany
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff1c	Barra, United Kingdom: Barra Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff32	Bristol, United Kingdom: Bristol Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff33	Bathurst Island, Australia: Bathurst Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff34	Brussels, Belgium: Brussels National
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff35	Bremerhaven, Germany: Bremerhaven Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff36	Barrow, AK: Wiley Post/Will Rogers Memorial
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff36	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff36	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff36	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff36	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff36	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff36	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff36	306.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff36	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff36	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff36	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff37	Barahona, Dominican Republic: Barahona Habanero
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff38	Bardstown, KY: Samuels Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff39	Bosaso, Somalia: Bosaso Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff3a	Brasilia, Brazil: Presidente Juscelino Kubitschek International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff3b	Baoshan, China: Baoshan Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff51	Bata, Equatorial Guinea: Bata Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff52	Biskra, Algeria: Mohamed Khider
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff53	Mulhouse, France: EuroAirport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff54	Austin, TX: Bergstrom AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff55	Basco, Philippines: Basco Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff56	Bisbee, AZ: Bisbee Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff57	Basra, Iraq: Basrah International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff58	Balsas, Brazil: Balsas Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff59	Basankusu, Congo (Kinshasa): Basankusu Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff5a	Boswell Bay, AK: Boswell Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff70	Bartletts, AK: Bartletts Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff71	Bertoua, Cameroon: Bertoua Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff72	Batticaloa, Sri Lanka: Batticaloa Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff73	Bonthe, Sierra Leone: Bonthe Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff74	Batu Besar, Indonesia: Batu Besar Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff75	Barter Island, AK: Barter Island LRRS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff76	Banda Aceh, Indonesia: Sultan Iskandar Muda
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff77	Bratsk, Russia: Bratsk Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff78	Battle Creek, MI: W K Kellogg
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff79	Butte, MT: Bert Mooney
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff79	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff79	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff79	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff79	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff79	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff79	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff8f	Butler, PA: Butler County/K. W. Scholter Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	Baton Rouge, LA: Baton Rouge Metropolitan/Ryan Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	92.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	152.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	86.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	73.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	200.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	128.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff91	Bratislava, Slovakia: M. R. Stefanik International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff92	Bettles, AK: Bettles Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff93	Bintulu, Malaysia: Bintulu Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff94	Burlington, VT: Burlington International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff94	87.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff94	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff94	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff94	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff94	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff94	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff94	144.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff94	89.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff94	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff94	75.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff94	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff94	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff94	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff94	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff94	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff94	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff94	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff94	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff94	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff94	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff94	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff95	Beatty, NV: Beatty Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff96	Bursa, Turkey: Bursa Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff97	Buka Islands, Papua New Guinea: Buka
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dff98	Burketown, Australia: Burketown Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffae	Budapest, Hungary: Budapest Liszt Ferenc International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffaf	Buenos Aires, Argentina: Buenos Aires Metropolitan Area
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	Buffalo, NY: Buffalo Niagara International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	128.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	86.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	83.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	96.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	104.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	75.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb1	Benguela, Angola: 17 de Setembro
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb2	Bucharest, Romania: Bucharest Metropolitan Area
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb3	Bulolo, Papua New Guinea: Bulolo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb4	Butler, MO: Butler Memorial
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb5	Buenaventura, Colombia: Gerardo Tobar Lopez
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb6	Burao, Somalia: Burao Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47dffb7	Bulawayo, Zimbabwe: J. M. Nkomo International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	Burbank, CA: Bob Hope
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	105.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	158.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	192.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	81.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	183.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	161.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0258	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0259	Batumi, Georgia: Batumi Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e025a	Buyo, Cote d'Ivoire: Buyo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e025b	Bella Union, Uruguay: Bella Union Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e025c	Bunia, Congo (Kinshasa): Bunia Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e025d	Bunbury, Australia: Bunbury Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e025e	Bushehr, Iran: Bushehr Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e025f	Beauvais, France: Beauvais Tille
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0260	Boa Vista, Brazil: Atlas Brasil Cantanhede
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0261	Beaver Inlet, AK: Beaver Inlet Seaport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0277	Birdsville, Australia: Birdsville Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0278	Bartlesville, OK: Bartlesville Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0279	St. James, MI: Beaver Island
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e027b	Batesville, AR: Batesville Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e027c	Beverly, MA: Beverly Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e027d	Bhairawa, Nepal: Gautam Buddha
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e027e	Brownwood, TX: Brownwood Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e027f	Braunschweig, Germany: Braunschweig/Wolfsburg
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0280	Bowling Green, KY: Bowling Green-Warren County Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0296	Butterworth, Malaysia: Butterworth Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	Baltimore, MD: Baltimore/Washington International Thurgood Marshall
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	92.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	97.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	89.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	130.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	76.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	119.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	83.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	148.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	87.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	73.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	88.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	99.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	74.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	71.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	475.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	95.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	108.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	92.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	310.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	115.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	150.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	125.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	171.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	84.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	86.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	123.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	76.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	93.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	234.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	87.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	161.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	80.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	131.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	77.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0297	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0298	Bawan, Papua New Guinea: Bawan Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0299	Bowman, ND: Bowman Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e029a	Bandar Seri Begawan, Brunei: Brunei International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e029b	Blaine, WA: Blaine Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e029c	Burnie, Australia: Wynyard
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e029d	Woodbridge, United Kingdom: RAF Bentwaters
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e029e	Boxborough, MA: Sheraton Inn Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e029f	Bade, Indonesia: Bade Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02b5	Bakel, Senegal: Bakel Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02b7	Borrego Springs, CA: Borrego Valley
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02b8	Butuan, Philippines: Bancasi
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02b9	Boundary, AK: Boundary Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02ba	Yacuiba, Bolivia: Yacuiba Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02bb	Rock Hill, SC: Rock Hill/York County/Bryant Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02bc	Buffalo, WY: Johnson County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02bd	Blytheville, AR: Arkansas International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02be	Burley/Rupert, ID: Burley Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02d4	Bouake, Cote d'Ivoire: Bouake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02d5	Boyne Falls, MI: Boyne Mountain
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02d6	Bantry, Ireland: Bantry Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02d7	Bayreuth, Germany: Bayreuth Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02d8	Blakely Island, WA: Blakely Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02d9	Bonanza, Nicaragua: Bonanza Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02da	Belize City, Belize: Philip S. W. Goldson International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02db	Bydgoszcz, Poland: Szwederowo
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02dc	Balikesir, Turkey: Balikesir Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02dd	Bozeman, MT: Bozeman Yellowstone International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02dd	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02dd	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02dd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02dd	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02dd	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02dd	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02dd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02dd	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02dd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02dd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02dd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02dd	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02dd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02dd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02dd	214.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02dd	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02dd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02dd	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02dd	182.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02dd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02dd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02dd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02dd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02dd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02f3	Bolzano, Italy: Bolzano Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02f4	Beziers, France: Beziers Vias
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02f5	Washington, DC: Buzzards Point Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02f6	Brazoria, TX: Eagle Air Park
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02f7	Brazzaville, Congo (Brazaville): Maya Maya
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02f9	Brize Norton, United Kingdom: Brize Norton Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02fa	Camarillo, CA: Camarillo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02fb	Bakersfield, CA: Bakersfield Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e02fc	Koala Mine, Canada: Koala Mine Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0312	Lake Simcoe, Canada: Lake Simcoe Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0313	Thetford Mines, Canada: Thetford Mines Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0314	Pelee Island, Canada: Pelee Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0315	Calgary, Canada: Calgary Springbank
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0317	Cabinda, Angola: Cabinda Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0318	Cascavel, Brazil: Cascavel Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0319	Cadillac, MI: Wexford County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	Columbia, SC: Columbia Metropolitan
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	113.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	72.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	119.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	119.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	85.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e031b	Carauari, Brazil: Carauari Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0331	Cagliari, Italy: Elmas
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0332	Ca Mau, Vietnam: Ca Mau Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0333	Cairo, Egypt: Cairo International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0334	Canaima, Venezuela: Canaima Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	Akron, OH: Akron-Canton Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	83.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0336	Campbeltown, United Kingdom: Campbeltown Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0337	Camiri, Bolivia: Choreti
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0338	Guangzhou, China: Baiyun International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0339	Cap-Haitien, Haiti: Cap-Haitien International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e033a	Caribou, ME: Caribou Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0350	Casablanca, Morocco: Anfa
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0351	New Bight, The Bahamas: New Bight Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0352	Campos, Brazil: Bartolomeu Lisandro
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0353	Carlisle, United Kingdom: Carlisle Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0354	Cayenne, French Guiana: Cayenne Felix Eboue
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0355	Cobar, Australia: Cobar Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0356	Corner Bay, AK: Corner Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0357	Cochabamba, Bolivia: Jorge Wilstermann International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0358	Cumberland, MD: Greater Cumberland Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0359	Council Bluffs, IA: Council Bluffs Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e036f	Cambridge, United Kingdom: Cambridge Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0370	Colomb-Bechar, Algeria: Bechar/Leger
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0371	Colby, KS: Murray
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0372	Ciudad Bolivar, Venezuela: Ciudad Bolivar Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0373	Columbus, MS: Columbus AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0374	Cotabato, Philippines: Cotabato Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0375	Calabar, Nigeria: Calabar Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0376	Canberra, Australia: Canberra Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0377	Coban, Guatemala: Coban Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0378	Canobie, Australia: Canobie Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0619	Cayo Coco, Cuba: Jardines del Rey International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e061b	Carcassonne, France: Carcassonne Salvaza
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e061c	Chile Chico, Chile: Chile Chico Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e061d	Concordia, Brazil: Olavo Cecco Rigon
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e061e	Calicut, India: Calicut Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e061f	West Island, Cocos (Keeling) Islands: Cocos Keeling Island
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0620	Crisciuma, Brazil: Criciuma
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0621	Chakhcharan, Afghanistan: Chakhcharan Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0622	Concepcion, Chile: Carriel Sur International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0638	Concord, CA: Buchanan Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0639	Caracas, Venezuela: Simon Bolivar International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e063a	Kolkata, India: Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e063c	Caceres, Brazil: Caceres Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e063d	Charles City, IA: Northeast Iowa Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e063e	Chub Cay, The Bahamas: Chub Cay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e063f	Cold Bay, AK: Cold Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0640	Cedar City, UT: Cedar City Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0640	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0640	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0640	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0640	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0640	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0641	Cortina d'Ampezzo, Italy: Cortina d'Ampezzo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0657	Paris, France: Paris Charles de Gaulle
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0658	Camden, AR: Harrell Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0659	Conceicao Do Araguaia, Brazil: Conceicao Do Araguaia Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e065a	Candle, AK: Candle 2
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e065b	Camden, SC: Woodward Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e065c	Chadron, NE: Chadron Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e065d	Cordova, AK: Merle K Mudhole Smith
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e065d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e065d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e065d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e065d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e065d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e065d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e065d	151.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e065d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e065d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e065d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e065e	Caldwell, NJ: Essex County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e065f	Wichita, KS: Cessna Aircraft Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0660	Lapu-Lapu City, Philippines: Mactan-Cebu International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0676	Crescent City, CA: Jack McNamara Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0676	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0676	138.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0676	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0676	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0676	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0676	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0677	Ceduna, Australia: Ceduna Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0679	Chicopee Falls, MA: Westover ARB Metropolitan
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e067a	Chester, United Kingdom: Hawarden
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e067b	Chiang Rai, Thailand: Chiang Rai Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e067c	Chelyabinsk, Russia: Chelyabinsk Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e067d	Cape Eleuthera, The Bahamas: Cape Eleuthera Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e067e	Central, AK: Central Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e067f	Ciudad Obregon, Mexico: Ciudad Obregon International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0695	Waco Kungo, Angola: Waco Kungo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0696	Concepcion, Bolivia: Concepcion Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0697	Cannes, France: Cannes Mandelieu
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0698	Cherbourg, France: Cherbourg Maupertus
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0699	Cholet, France: Cholet Le Pontreau
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e069a	Clemson, SC: Oconee County Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e069b	Connersville, IN: Mettel Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e069c	Crestview, FL: Bob Sikes
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e069d	Chena Hot Springs, AK: Chena Hot Springs Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e069e	Murray, KY: Kyle-Oakley Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e06b4	Cortez, CO: Cortez Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e06b5	Coffee Point, AK: Coffee Point Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e06b6	Cabo Frio, Brazil: Cabo Frio Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e06b7	Clermont-Ferrand, France: Clermont Ferrand Auvergne
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e06b8	Cienfuegos, Cuba: Jaime Gonzalez
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e06b9	Silver City, Canada: Silver City Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e06ba	Caen, France: Caen Carpiquet
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e06bb	Coffs Harbour, Australia: Coffs Harbour Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e06bc	Clifton, AZ: Greenlee County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e06bd	Corfu, Greece: Ioannis Kapodistrias International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e06d3	Coffeyville, KS: Coffeyville Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e06d4	Craig, AK: Craig Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e06d5	Cuiaba, Brazil: Marechal Rondon International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e06d6	Cape Gloucester, Papua New Guinea: Cape Gloucester Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e06d7	Cambridge, MD: Cambridge-Dorchester
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e06d8	Cleveland, OH: Cuyahoga County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e06d9	Sao Paulo, Brazil: Congonhas
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e06da	Cape Girardeau, MO: Cape Girardeau Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e06db	Jakarta, Indonesia: Soekarno-Hatta International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e06dc	Camiguin, Philippines: Camiguin Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e06f2	Cologne, Germany: Koln Bonn
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e06f3	Zhengzhou, China: Xinzheng
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e06f4	Chittagong, Bangladesh: Chittagong Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e06f5	Changchun, China: Dafangshen
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e06f6	Campo Grande, Brazil: Campo Grande International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e06f7	College Park, MD: College Park Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e06f8	Ciudad Guayana, Venezuela: Ciudad Guayana Metropolitan Area
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e06f9	Chicago, IL: Meigs Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e06fa	Cagayan, Philippines: Cagayan de Oro
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e06fb	Casa Grande, AZ: Casa Grande Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0711	Chattanooga, TN: Lovell Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0711	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0711	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0711	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0711	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0711	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0711	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0711	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0711	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0711	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0711	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0711	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0711	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0711	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0711	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0711	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0711	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0711	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0711	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0711	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0711	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0711	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0711	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0711	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0711	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0711	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0711	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0711	124.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0711	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0711	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0712	Christchurch, New Zealand: Christchurch International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0713	Chandler, AZ: Chandler Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0714	Caherciveen, Ireland: Caherciveen Reenroe
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0715	Chinhae, South Korea: Jinhae
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0716	Chaoyang, China: Chaoyang Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0717	Chicago, IL: Chicago Metropolitan Area
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0718	Challis, ID: Challis Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0719	Chimbote, Peru: Teniente Jaime A. de Montreuil Morales
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0730	Charlottesville, VA: Charlottesville Albemarle
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0730	123.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0730	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0730	173.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0730	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0730	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0730	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0730	133.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0730	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0730	98.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0730	104.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0730	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0730	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0730	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0730	102.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0730	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0730	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0730	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0730	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0730	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0731	Circle Hot Springs, AK: Circle Hot Springs Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0732	Chania, Greece: Souda
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0733	Chateauroux, France: Chateauroux Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	Charleston, SC: Charleston AFB/International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	198.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0734	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0735	Chatham Islands, New Zealand: Chatham Islands Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0736	Chuathbaluk, AK: Chuathbaluk Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0737	Jiuquan, China: Jiayuguan
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0738	Changuinola, Panama: Changuinola 1
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e0739	Chiloquin, OR: Chiloquin State
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58af	Rome, Italy: Ciampino
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b0	Avalon, CA: Catalina
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b1	Chico, CA: Chico Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	Cedar Rapids/Iowa City, IA: The Eastern Iowa
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	72.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	109.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	103.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	90.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	206.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	128.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	93.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	148.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b2	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b3	Craig, CO: Craig-Moffat
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b4	Changzhi, China: Changzhi Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b5	Cobija, Bolivia: Cap Av Civ Anibal Arab Fadul International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b6	Chalkyitsik, AK: Chalkyitsik Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b7	Council, AK: Council Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58b8	Carroll, IA: Arthur N Neu
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58ce	Chipata, Zambia: Chipata Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58cf	Cairo, IL: Cairo Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58d1	Sault Ste. Marie, MI: Chippewa County International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58d1	123.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58d1	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58d1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58d2	Chomley, AK: Chomley Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58d3	Canouan, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines: Canouan Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58d4	Chiclayo, Peru: Capt. Jose A. Quinones Gonzales International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58d5	Comiso, Italy: Comiso Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58d6	Cajamarca, Peru: Gen FAP Armando Revoredo Iglesias
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58d7	Coimbatore, India: Coimbatore Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58ed	Calama, Chile: El Loa
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58ee	Crafton Island, AK: Crafton Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58f0	Chitral, Pakistan: Chitral Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58f1	Ciudad Juarez, Mexico: Abraham Gonzalez International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58f2	Jeju, South Korea: Jeju International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58f3	Clay Center, KS: Clay Center Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58f4	Clarksburg/Fairmont, WV: North Central West Virginia
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58f5	Crooked Creek, AK: Crooked Creek Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e58f6	Clear Lake, CA: Pearce Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e590c	Chongqing, China: Jiangbei
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e590d	Clarksdale, MS: Fletcher Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e590e	Cancun, Mexico: Cancun International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e590f	Carajas, Brazil: Carajas Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5910	Cordova, AK: Cordova Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5911	Clarksville, TN: Outlaw Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5912	Chicken, AK: Chicken Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5913	Conakry, Guinea: Conakry Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5914	Comilla, Bangladesh: Comilla Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5915	Castlebar, Ireland: Castlebar Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592b	Clear Lake City, TX: Clear Lake Metroport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592c	Carlsbad, CA: McClellan-Palomar
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592c	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592c	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592c	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592c	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592c	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592c	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592c	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	Cleveland, OH: Cleveland-Hopkins International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	92.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	326.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	151.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	182.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	105.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	111.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	77.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	88.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	141.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	181.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	118.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	85.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	183.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	69.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	145.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	208.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	143.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	120.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	132.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	135.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	128.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592d	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592e	Clear, AK: Clear Mews
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e592f	Coalinga, CA: New Coalinga Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5930	Coolah, Australia: Coolah Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5931	Clintonville, WI: Clintonville Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5932	Cluj-Napoca, Romania: Avram Iancu
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5933	Clinton, OK: Clinton Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5934	College Station/Bryan, TX: Easterwood Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5934	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5934	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5934	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5934	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5934	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5934	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5934	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5934	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5934	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5934	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5934	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5934	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5934	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5934	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5934	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5934	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5934	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5934	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5934	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5934	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5934	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5934	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e594a	Port Angeles, WA: William R. Fairchild International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e594b	Carolina, Brazil: Carolina Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e594c	Cali, Colombia: Alfonso Bonilla Aragon International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e594d	Clarks Point, AK: Clarks Point Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e594e	Colima, Mexico: Colima Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e594f	Calipatria, CA: Cliff Hatfield Memorial
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5950	Chehalis, WA: Chehalis Centralia
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	Charlotte, NC: Charlotte Douglas International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	112.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	196.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	126.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	224.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	242.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	164.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	134.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	118.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	171.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	184.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	88.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	81.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	133.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	263.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	71.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	109.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	93.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	87.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	139.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	129.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	78.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	160.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	123.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	74.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	170.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	69.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	87.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	117.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	103.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	75.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	146.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5951	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5952	Columbus, IN: Columbus Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5953	Calvi, France: Calvi Sainte Catherine
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5969	Cunnamulla, Australia: Cunnamulla Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596a	Colombo, Sri Lanka: Bandaranaike International Colombo
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596b	Cootamundra, Australia: Cootamundra Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596c	Ciudad del Carmen, Mexico: Ciudad del Carmen International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596d	Chambery, France: Chambery Aix Les Bains
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596e	Corumba, Brazil: Corumba International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	Columbus, OH: Port Columbus International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	106.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	87.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	154.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	162.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	84.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	81.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	139.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	190.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	103.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	294.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	99.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	101.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	65.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	89.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	168.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	90.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	315.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e596f	89.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5970	Champaign/Urbana, IL: University of Illinois/Willard
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5970	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5970	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5970	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5970	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5970	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5970	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5970	125.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5970	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5970	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5970	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5970	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5970	129.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5970	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5970	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5970	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5970	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5970	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5970	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5970	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5970	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5971	Chi Mei, Taiwan: Chi Mei Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5972	Carmelita, Guatemala: Carmelita Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5988	Casablanca, Morocco: Mohammed V International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5989	Colmar, France: Colmar Houssen
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e598a	Cameta, Brazil: Cameta Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e598b	Kundiawa, Papua New Guinea: Chimbu
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e598c	Coromandel, New Zealand: Coromandel Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e598d	Camaguey, Cuba: Ignacio Agramonte International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e598e	Hancock/Houghton, MI: Houghton County Memorial
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e598e	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e598e	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e598e	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e598e	69.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e598e	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e598e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e598f	Cananea, Mexico: Cananea Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5990	Coonamble, Australia: Coonamble Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5991	Coconut Island, Australia: Coconut Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e59a7	Constanta, Romania: Rum Kogalniceanu
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e59a8	Canon City, CO: Fremont County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e59a9	Belo Horizonte, Brazil: Tancredo Neves International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e59aa	Concordia, KS: Blosser Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e59ab	Sindal, Denmark: Sindal Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e59ac	Carlsbad, NM: Cavern City Air Terminal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e59ad	Chino, CA: Chino Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e59ae	Corrientes, Argentina: Corrientes Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e59af	Chanaral, Chile: Chanaral Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e59b0	Cairns, Australia: Cairns International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e59c6	Waco, TX: TSTC Waco
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e59c7	Chiang Mai, Thailand: Chiang Mai International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e59c8	Moab, UT: Canyonlands Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e59c8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e59c8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e59c8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e59c8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e59c8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e59c9	Marina, CA: Marina Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e59ca	Melgar, Colombia: Tolemaida AB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e59cb	Columbia, CA: Columbia Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e59cc	Concordia, Argentina: Comodoro Pierrestegui
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e59cd	Cody, WY: Yellowstone Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e59cd	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e59cd	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e59cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e59cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e59cd	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e59cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e59ce	Coeur d'Alene, ID: Coeur d'Alene - Pappy Boyington Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e59cf	Cocoa Beach, FL: Patrick AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c70	Condoto, Colombia: Mandinga
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c71	Cooch Behar, India: Cooch Behar Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c72	Coonabarabran, Australia: Coonabarabran Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c73	Kochi, India: Cochin International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c74	Coll Island, United Kingdom: Coll
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c75	Coleman, TX: Coleman Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c76	Concord, NH: Concord Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c77	Cotonou, Benin: Card Bernardin Gadin de Cadjehoun International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c78	Cordoba, Argentina: Ambrosio L. V. Taravella
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	Colorado Springs, CO: City of Colorado Springs Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	224.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	76.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	89.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	109.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	73.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	65.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	77.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	123.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	97.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	101.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c79	106.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c8f	Cotulla, TX: Cotulla-La Salle County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c90	Columbia, MO: Columbia Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c90	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c90	380.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c90	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c90	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c91	Coolawanyah, Australia: Coolawanyah Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c92	Cape Palmas, Liberia: Cape Palmas Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c93	Capurgana, Colombia: Capurgana Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c94	Chapelco, Argentina: Aviador C. Campos
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c95	Coober Pedy, Australia: Coober Pedy Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c96	Campeche, Mexico: Ingeniero Alberto Acuna Ongay International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c97	Copenhagen, Denmark: Kastrup
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5c98	Cape Rodney, Papua New Guinea: Cape Rodney Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cae	Copiapo, Chile: Chamonate
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5caf	Campinas, Brazil: Viracopos International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cb0	Casper, WY: Casper/Natrona County International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cb0	98.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cb0	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cb0	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cb0	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cb0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cb1	St. Louis, MO: Bi-State Parks
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cb2	Cape Town, South Africa: Cape Town International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cb3	Campina Grande, Brazil: Presidente Joao Suassuna
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cb4	Culebra, PR: Benjamin Rivera Noriega
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cb5	Calais, France: Calais Dunkerque
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cb6	Carbondale, CO: Glen-Aspen
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5ccd	Cheraw, SC: Cheraw Municipal/Lynch Bellinger Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cce	Craiova, Romania: Craiova Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5ccf	Collarenebri, Australia: Collarenebri Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cd0	Cartago, Colombia: Cartago Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cd1	Comodoro Rivadavia, Argentina: Comodoro Rivadavia Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cd2	Myrtle Beach, SC: Grand Strand
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cd3	Jacksonville, FL: Jacksonville Executive at Craig
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cd4	Crooked Island, The Bahamas: Colonel Hill
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cd5	Luzon Island, Philippines: Diosdado Macapagal International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cd6	Charleroi, Belgium: Brussels South
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	Corpus Christi, TX: Corpus Christi International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	89.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	72.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cec	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5ced	Caravelas, Brazil: Caravelas Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cee	Ceres, Argentina: Ceres Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cef	Corsicana, TX: C David Campbell Field-Corsicana Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cf0	Carriacou, Grenada: Lauriston
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cf1	Crotone, Italy: Crotone Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cf2	Charleston/Dunbar, WV: Yeager
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cf2	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cf2	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cf2	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cf2	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cf2	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cf2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cf2	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cf2	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cf2	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cf3	Corinth, MS: Roscoe Turner
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cf4	Cresswell Downs, Australia: Cresswell Downs Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5cf5	Crested Butte, CO: Buckhorn Ranch
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d0b	Columbus, GA: Columbus Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d0b	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d0b	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d0b	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d0b	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d0b	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d0b	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d0b	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d0b	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d0c	Casino, Australia: Casino Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d0d	Clinton, OK: Clinton Sherman
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d0e	Carson City, NV: Carson
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d0f	Cape Spencer, AK: Cape Spencer C.G. Helipad
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d10	Casuarito, Colombia: Casuarito Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d11	Cassilandia, Brazil: Cassilandia Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d12	Castaway, Fiji: Castaway Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d13	Cape Sabine, AK: Cape Sabine Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d14	Crossville, TN: Crossville Memorial-Whitson Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d2a	Changsha, China: Huanghua
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d2b	Catania, Italy: Catania-Fontanarossa
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d2c	Cut Bank, MT: Cut Bank International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d2d	Catamarca, Argentina: Catamarca Aeroclub
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d2e	Cartagena, Colombia: Rafael Nunez
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d2f	Coatesville, PA: Chester County G. O. Carlson
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d30	Charleville, Australia: Charleville Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d31	Chetumal, Mexico: Chetumal International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d32	Cooktown, Australia: Cooktown Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d33	Calverton, NY: Calverton Executive Airpark
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d49	Sapporo, Japan: New Chitose
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d4a	Le Castellet, France: Le Castellet Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d4b	Chengdu, China: Shuangliu
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d4c	Cottonwood, AZ: Cottonwood Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d4d	Cortland, NY: Cortland County Chase Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d4e	Cross City, FL: Cross City Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d4f	Columbia, SC: Jim Hamilton L. B. Owens
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d50	Cucuta, Colombia: Camilo Daza
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d51	Cuenca, Ecuador: Cuenca Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d52	Cuneo, Italy: Levaldigi
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d68	Culiacan, Mexico: Culiacan International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d69	Cumana, Venezuela: Cumana Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d6b	Carupano, Venezuela: General Jose Francisco Bermudez
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d6c	Coen, Australia: Coen Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d6d	Willemstad, Curacao: Hato
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d6e	Cutral-Co, Argentina: Cutral-Co Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d6f	Chihuahua, Mexico: General Roberto Fierro Villalobos International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d70	Cube Cove, AK: Cube Cove Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d71	Cue, Australia: Cue Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d87	Cusco, Peru: Teniente Alejandro Velasco Astete International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d88	Pittsburgh, PA: Civic Arena H/P
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d89	Courchevel, France: Courchevel Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	Cincinnati, OH: Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	123.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	102.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	164.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	92.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	127.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	179.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	128.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	85.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	117.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	107.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	76.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	65.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	73.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8b	Cuernavaca, Mexico: General Mariano Matamoros
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8c	Cape Vogel, Papua New Guinea: Cape Vogel Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8d	Ciudad Victoria, Mexico: General Pedro Jose Mendez International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8e	Clovis, NM: Clovis Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d8f	Corvallis, OR: Corvallis Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e5d90	Carnarvon, Australia: Carnarvon Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6031	Clovis, NM: Cannon AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6032	Coventry, United Kingdom: Coventry Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6033	Charlevoix, MI: Charlevoix Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6034	Mosinee, WI: Central Wisconsin
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6034	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6034	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6034	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6034	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6034	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6034	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6034	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6034	89.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6034	150.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6034	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6034	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6035	Curitiba, Brazil: Afonso Pena
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6038	Clinton, IA: Clinton Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6039	Cardiff, United Kingdom: Cardiff Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e603a	Center Island, WA: Center Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6050	Cowra, Australia: Cowra Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6051	Caicara, Venezuela: Caicara Venez.
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6052	Cox's Bazar, Bangladesh: Cox's Bazar Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6053	Chitina, AK: Chitina Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6054	Coldfoot, AK: Coldfoot Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6055	Vancouver, Canada: Coal Harbour Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6056	Christmas Island, Kiribati: Christmas Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6057	Caxias Do Sul, Brazil: Campo Dos Bugres
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6058	Calexico, CA: Calexico International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6059	Conroe, TX: Lone Star Executive
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e606f	Cilacap, Indonesia: Tunggul Wulung
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6071	Charters Towers, Australia: Charters Towers Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6072	Cat Cay, The Bahamas: Cat Cay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6073	Les Cayes, Haiti: Cayes
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6074	Cayman Brac, Cayman Islands: Charles Kirkconnell International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6075	Caye Chapel, Belize: Caye Chapel Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6076	Chefornak, AK: Chefornak Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6078	Chiayi, Taiwan: Chiayi Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e608e	Chatham, AK: Chatham Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e608f	Calbayog, Philippines: Calbayog Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6090	Colonia, Uruguay: Laguna de Los Patos International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6091	Cheyenne, WY: Cheyenne Regional/Jerry Olson Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6092	Cape Yakataga, AK: Yakataga
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6093	Cauayan, Philippines: Cauayan Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6094	Chichen Itza, Mexico: Chichen Itza International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6095	Cruz Alta, Brazil: Cruz Alta Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6096	Copper Center, AK: Copper Center 2
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60ad	Coro, Venezuela: Jose Leonardo Chirinos
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60ae	Cape Romanzof, AK: Cape Romanzof LRRS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60af	Corozal, Belize: Corozal Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60b0	Constantine, Algeria: Constantine/Ain El Bey
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60b1	Cozumel, Mexico: Cozumel International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60b2	Chisana, AK: Chisana Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60b3	Chistochina, AK: Chistochina Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60b4	Cape Pole, AK: Cape Pole Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60b5	Cruzeiro Do Sul, Brazil: Cruzeiro Do Sul Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60b6	Corozal, Colombia: Las Brujas
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60cc	Czestochowa, Poland: Rudniki
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60cd	Changzhou, China: Benniu
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60ce	Daytona Beach, FL: Daytona Beach International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60ce	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60ce	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60ce	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60ce	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60ce	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60ce	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60ce	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60ce	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60ce	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60ce	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60ce	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60ce	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60ce	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60cf	Dhaka, Bangladesh: Hazrat Shahjalal International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d0	Danang, Vietnam: Danang International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d1	Daet, Philippines: Daet Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d2	Daup, Papua New Guinea: Daup Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d3	Daggett, CA: Barstow/Daggett
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d4	Dakhla Oasis, Egypt: Dakhla
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	Dallas, TX: Dallas Love Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	69.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	129.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	86.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	75.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	73.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	78.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	121.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	152.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	278.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	95.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	65.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	72.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	71.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	98.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	90.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	90.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	90.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	200.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	105.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60d5	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60eb	Damascus, Syria: Damascus International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60ec	Danville, VA: Danville Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60ed	Dar Es Salaam, Tanzania: Julius Nyerere International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60ee	Datong, China: Datong Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60ef	Daru, Papua New Guinea: Daru Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f0	David, Panama: Enrique Malek International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f1	Daxian, China: Daxian Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	Dayton, OH: James M Cox/Dayton International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	71.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	101.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	218.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e60f4	Dabaa City, Egypt: Al Alamain International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e610b	Debra Marcos, Ethiopia: Debre Marcos
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e610c	Dublin, GA: W H Bud Barron
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e610d	Dubbo, Australia: Dubbo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e610e	Dubuque, IA: Dubuque Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e610e	83.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e610e	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e610e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e610e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e610e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e610e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e610e	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e610e	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e610f	Debra Tabor, Ethiopia: Debre Tabor
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6110	Dubrovnik, Croatia: Dubrovnik Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6111	Dalby, Australia: Dalby Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	Washington, DC: Ronald Reagan Washington National
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	71.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	89.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	119.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	89.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	107.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	65.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	163.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	170.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	85.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	205.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	129.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	120.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	396.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	74.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	172.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	103.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	89.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	92.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	114.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	69.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	138.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	75.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	126.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	94.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	93.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	71.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	83.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	161.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	111.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	228.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	116.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	65.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	72.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	184.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	95.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	65.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	109.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	77.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6112	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6113	Roseau, Dominica: Canefield
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6129	Dahl Creek, AK: Dahl Creek Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e612a	Finningley, United Kingdom: RAF Finningley
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e612b	Decatur, AL: Pryor Field Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e612c	Dodge City, KS: Dodge City Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e612d	Dorado, PR: Dorado Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e612e	Zweibrucken, Germany: Zweibrucken Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e612f	Dera Ghazi Khan, Pakistan: Dera Ghazi Khan International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6130	Debrecen, Hungary: Debrecen Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6131	Decatur, IL: Decatur Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6132	Decorah, IA: Decorah Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6148	Delhi, India: Indira Gandhi International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6149	Dembi Dollo, Ethiopia: Dembi Dollo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	Denver, CO: Denver International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	85.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	195.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	112.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	92.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	94.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	106.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	73.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	412.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	138.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	144.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	134.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	134.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	171.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	97.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	65.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	84.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	83.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	107.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	112.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	75.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	65.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	85.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	91.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	145.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	99.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	78.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	171.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	76.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	74.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	170.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	301.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	114.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	268.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	105.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	159.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	158.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	107.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	199.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	69.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	183.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	116.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	129.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	77.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	116.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	88.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	115.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	121.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	93.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	80.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	120.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	85.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	371.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	160.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	74.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	93.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	87.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	251.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	106.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	284.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	65.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	130.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	88.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	78.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	78.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	208.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	112.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	167.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	71.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	72.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	84.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	98.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	95.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	258.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	96.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	107.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	106.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	100.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	214.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	199.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	110.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	100.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	187.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	95.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	420.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	90.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	140.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	136.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	367.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	88.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	152.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	81.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	90.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	91.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	77.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	373.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	223.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	82.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	126.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	200.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	101.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	132.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	83.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614c	Desroches, Seychelles: Desroches Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614d	Detroit, MI: Coleman A. Young Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614e	Deir Ezzor, Syria: Al Jafrah/Deir Ezzor
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e614f	Defiance, OH: Defiance Memorial
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	Dallas/Fort Worth, TX: Dallas/Fort Worth International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	106.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	138.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	374.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	142.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	381.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	92.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	75.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	76.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	184.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	715.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	124.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	91.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	71.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	159.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	235.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	122.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	78.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	156.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	145.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	182.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	71.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	84.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	84.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	158.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	157.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	200.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	117.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	94.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	78.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	468.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	149.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	90.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	141.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	242.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	65.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	226.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	90.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	78.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	224.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	302.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	1125.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	99.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	190.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	132.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	339.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	105.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	69.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	152.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	120.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	117.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	193.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	80.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	375.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	65.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	73.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	93.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	213.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	87.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	1201.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	118.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	75.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	118.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	204.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	84.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	85.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	467.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	167.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	89.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	90.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	532.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	72.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	659.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	121.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	104.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	107.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	81.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	174.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	119.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	135.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	101.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	92.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	162.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	95.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	109.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	69.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	99.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	731.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	958.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	101.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	117.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	110.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	175.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	207.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	282.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	103.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	98.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	76.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	93.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	350.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	87.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	103.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	94.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	77.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	104.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	83.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	65.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	92.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	97.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	84.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	313.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	93.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	106.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	104.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	716.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	65.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	75.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	73.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	82.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	129.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	86.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	147.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	151.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	86.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	161.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	106.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	110.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	144.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	76.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	124.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	76.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	167.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	138.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	81.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	82.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6151	Danger Bay, AK: Danger Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e63f3	Durango, Mexico: Durango International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e63f4	Dumaguete, Philippines: Dumaguete Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e63f5	Douglas, WY: Converse County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e63f6	Dhahran, Saudi Arabia: King Abdulaziz AB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e63f8	Dhangadhi, Nepal: Dhangadhi Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e63f9	Dhala, Yemen: Dhala Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e63fa	Dothan, AL: Dothan Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e63fa	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e63fa	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e63fa	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e63fa	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e63fa	91.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e63fa	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e63fa	74.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e63fa	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e63fa	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e63fa	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e63fa	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e63fb	Dalhart, TX: Dalhart Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6412	Dibrugarh, India: Dibrugarh Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6413	Antsiranana, Madagascar: Arrachart
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6414	Shangri-La, China: Zhongdian
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6415	Dijon, France: Dijon Longvic
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6416	Dickinson, ND: Dickinson - Theodore Roosevelt Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6416	175.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6416	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6416	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6416	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6416	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6416	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6416	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6416	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6416	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6416	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6416	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6417	Dili, Timor-Leste: Presidente Nicolau Lobato International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6418	Diomede Island, AK: Diomede Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6419	Dire Dawa, Ethiopia: Aba Tenna Dejazmatch Yilma
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e641a	Dolisie, Congo (Brazaville): Dolisie Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6430	Diu, India: Diu Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6431	Divo, Cote d'Ivoire: Divo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6432	Diyarbakir, Turkey: Diyarbakir Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6433	Jambi, Indonesia: Paalmerah
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6434	Djerba, Tunisia: Djerba Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6435	Djanet, Algeria: Tiska
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6436	Jayapura, Indonesia: Sentani
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6437	Delta Junction, AK: Delta Junction Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6438	Daloa, Cote d'Ivoire: Daloa Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6439	Kolding Vamdrup, Denmark: Kolding Vamdrup Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e644f	Dunk Island, Australia: Kyboola
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6450	Dunkirk, NY: Chautauqua County/Dunkirk
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6451	Dakar, Senegal: Leopold Sedar Senghor International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6452	Douala, Cameroon: Douala Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6453	Dalian, China: Zhoushuizi
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6454	Del Rio, TX: Laughlin AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6455	Dillingham, AK: Dillingham Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6456	Duluth, MN: Duluth International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6456	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6456	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6456	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6456	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6456	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6456	177.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6456	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6456	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6456	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6456	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6456	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6456	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6456	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6457	Dalat, Vietnam: Lienkhang
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6458	Dillon, SC: Dillon County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e646e	Dalaman, Turkey: Dalaman Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e646f	Dolomi, AK: Dolomi Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6470	The Dalles, OR: Columbia Gorge Regional/The Dalles Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6471	Dali City, China: Xiaguan
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6472	Tucson, AZ: Davis Monthan AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6473	Moscow, Russia: Domodedovo
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6476	Deming, NM: Deming Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6477	Sedalia, MO: Sedalia Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e648d	Dimapur, India: Manipur Road
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e648e	Okinawa, Japan: Kadena AB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e648f	Dunbar, Australia: Dunbar Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6490	Duncan Canal, AK: Duncan Canal Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6491	Dundee, United Kingdom: Dundee Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6492	Dallas/Fort Worth, TX: Dallas North
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6494	Dnipropetrovsk, Ukraine: Dnipropetrovsk International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6495	Augusta, GA: Daniel Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6496	Dalton, GA: Dalton Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e64ac	Dianopolis, Brazil: Dianopolis Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e64ad	Deniliquin, Australia: Deniliquin Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e64ae	Dinard, France: Dinard Pleurtuit St Malo
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e64af	Danville, IL: Vermilion Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e64b1	Denizli, Turkey: Cardak
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e64b2	Dodoma, Tanzania: Dodoma Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e64b3	Dora Bay, AK: Dora Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e64b4	Dongola, Sudan: Dongola Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e64b5	Doha, Qatar: Doha International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e64cb	Donetsk, Ukraine: Donetsk International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e64cc	Deauville, France: Deauville Normandie
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e64cd	Marigot, Dominica: Douglas Charles
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e64ce	Dos Lagunas, Guatemala: Dos Lagunas Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e64cf	Dourados, Brazil: Dourados Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e64d0	Dover, DE: Dover AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e64d1	Chicago, IL: Du Page County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e64d2	Dugway, UT: Michael AAF
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e64d3	Dipolog, Philippines: Dipolog Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e64d4	Devonport, Australia: Devonport Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e64ea	Denpasar, Indonesia: Gusti Ngurah Rai International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e64eb	Deadhorse, AK: Badami
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e64ec	Montijo, Portugal: Montijo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e64ed	Sebastian, FL: Sebastian Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e64ee	Soda Springs, ID: Allen H Tigert
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e64ef	Holtville, CA: Holtville Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e64f1	Springfield, TN: Springfield Robertson County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e64f2	Alpine, AK: Alpine Airstrip
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e64f3	Colusa, CA: Colusa County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6509	Killdeer, ND: Dunn County Weydahl Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e650a	Fort Drum, NY: Wheeler-Sack AAF
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e650b	Anchorage, AK: Lake Hood Strip
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e650d	New Smyrna Beach, FL: New Smyrna Beach Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e650e	Delhi, LA: Delhi Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e650f	Georgetown, KY: Marshall Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6510	Cozad, NE: Cozad Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6511	Peach Springs, AZ: Grand Canyon West
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6512	Whitmore, AZ: Grand Canyon Bar Ten Airstrip
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67b3	Boscombe, United Kingdom: Boscombe Down
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67b4	Ketchikan, AK: Neets Bay
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67b5	Haines, AK: Glacier Point
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67b6	Peach Springs, AZ: Hualapai
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67b7	Tsui River, AK: Tsui River Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67b8	Cape Canaveral, FL: Cape Canaveral AFS Skid Strip
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67b9	Platinum, AK: Platinum Mine
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67ba	Mercury, NV: Desert Rock
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67bb	Derby, Australia: Derby Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67bc	Drummond Island, MI: Drummond Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67d2	Drift River, AK: Drift River Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67d3	Deering, AK: Deering Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67d4	Dirranbandi, Australia: Dirranbandi Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67d5	Durango, CO: Durango La Plata County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67d5	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67d5	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67d5	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67d5	122.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67d5	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67d5	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67d5	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67d5	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67d6	Dresden, Germany: Dresden Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67d7	Del Rio, TX: Del Rio International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67d8	Drummond, MT: Drummond Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67d9	Darwin, Australia: Darwin International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67da	Finningley, United Kingdom: Doncaster Sheffield
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67db	La Desirade, Guadeloupe: La Desirade Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f1	Dessie, Ethiopia: Dessie/Combolcha
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f2	Destin, FL: Destin Executive
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f3	Dera Ismail Khan, Pakistan: D. I. Khan
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	Des Moines, IA: Des Moines International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	130.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	167.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	88.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	104.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f4	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f5	Delta, UT: Delta Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f6	Death Valley, CA: Furnace Creek
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f8	Detroit Lakes, MN: Detroit Lakes-Wething Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67f9	Dortmund, Germany: Dortmund Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e67fa	Shreveport, LA: Shreveport Downtown
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6810	Denton, TX: Denton Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6811	Decatur Island, WA: Decatur
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6812	Detroit, MI: Detroit Metropolitan Area
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	Detroit, MI: Detroit Metro Wayne County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	248.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	81.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	122.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	180.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	104.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	241.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	102.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	96.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	95.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	96.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	164.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	80.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	111.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	81.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	105.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	180.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	191.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	114.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	77.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	161.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	221.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	103.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	117.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	514.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	81.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	111.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	165.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	131.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	155.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	116.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	127.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	98.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	74.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	99.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	93.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	145.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	142.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	138.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	86.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	187.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	129.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	96.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	69.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	190.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	180.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	115.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	167.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6813	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6814	Durant, OK: Eaker Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6815	Dublin, Ireland: Dublin Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6816	Duncan, OK: Halliburton Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6817	Dunedin, New Zealand: Dunedin Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6818	Dundo, Angola: Dundo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6819	Duck, NC: Pine Island
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e682f	Douglas, AZ: Bisbee Douglas International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6830	DuBois, PA: DuBois Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6831	Duncan/Quamichan Lake, Canada: Duncan
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6832	Durban, South Africa: Louis Botha
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6833	Dusseldorf, Germany: Dusseldorf Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6834	Unalaska, AK: Unalaska Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6835	Diavik, Canada: Diavik Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6836	Devils Lake, ND: Devils Lake Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6836	114.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6836	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6836	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6836	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6837	Davenport, IA: Davenport Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6838	Davao, Philippines: Francisco Bangoy International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e684e	Phoenix, AZ: Phoenix - Deer Valley
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6850	Davis/Woodland/Winters, CA: Yolo County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6851	Houston, TX: David Wayne Hooks Memorial
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6852	Orlando, FL: Walt Disney World
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6853	Dubai, United Arab Emirates: Dubai International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6854	Danbury, CT: Danbury Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6855	Dayong, China: Hehua
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6856	Anadyr, Russia: Anadyr Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6857	Abilene, TX: Dyess AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e686d	Dushanbe, Tajikistan: Dushanbe Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e686e	Dzaoudzi, Mayotte: Dzaoudzi-Pamandzi
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e686f	Durazno, Uruguay: Durazno Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6870	Eagle, AK: Eagle Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6871	Noatak, AK: Eagle Creek Strip
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6873	Nejran, Saudi Arabia: Nejran Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6874	Wheatland, WY: Phifer Airfield
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6875	Kearney, NE: Kearney Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6876	San Sebastian, Spain: San Sebastian Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e688c	Wenatchee, WA: Pangborn Memorial
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e688d	Eau Claire, WI: Chippewa Valley Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e688d	164.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e688d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e688d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e688d	264.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e688d	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e688d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e688d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e688e	Elba Island, Italy: Marina Di Campo
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e688f	Entebbe/Kampala, Uganda: Entebbe International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6890	El Obeid, Sudan: El Obeid Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6891	Esbjerg, Denmark: Esbjerg Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6892	Erbil, Iraq: Erbil International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6893	St. Etienne, France: Saint Etienne Boutheon
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6894	East Tawas, MI: Iosco County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6895	Elizabeth City, NC: Elizabeth City CGAS/Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68ab	Ercan, Cyprus: Ercan Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68ac	Panama City, FL: Northwest Florida Beaches International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68ac	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68ac	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68ac	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68ac	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68ac	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68ac	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68ac	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68ac	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68ac	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68ac	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68ac	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68ac	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68ac	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68ac	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68ac	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68ac	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68ac	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68ac	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68ac	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68ac	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68ac	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68ac	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68ac	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68ac	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68ac	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68ac	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68ac	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68ac	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68ac	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68ac	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68ad	Newcastle, WY: Mondell Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68ae	Rocksprings, TX: Edwards County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68af	Edna Bay, AK: Edna Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68b1	Edenton, NC: Northeastern Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68b2	Anchorage, AK: Elmendorf AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68b3	Edinburgh, United Kingdom: Edinburgh Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68b4	Eldoret, Kenya: Eldoret Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68ca	Edwards, CA: Edwards AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68cb	Needles, CA: Needles Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68cc	Eek, AK: Eek Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68cd	Keene, NH: Dillant Hopkins
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68ce	Eight Fathom Bight, AK: Eight Fathom Bight Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68cf	Houston, TX: Ellington
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68d0	Newport, VT: Newport State
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68d1	Kefallinia Island, Greece: Argostolion
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68d2	Cairo, Egypt: Cairo West
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e68d3	Jiyanklis, Egypt: Jiyanklis AB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6b74	Beni Suef, Egypt: Beni Suef Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6b75	Chenega, AK: Chenega Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6b76	Bergerac, France: Bergerac Roumaniere
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6b77	Eagle, CO: Eagle County Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6b77	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6b77	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6b77	124.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6b77	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6b77	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6b77	81.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6b77	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6b77	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6b77	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6b77	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6b77	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6b77	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6b77	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6b77	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6b77	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6b77	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6b77	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6b77	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6b77	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6b77	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6b77	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6b77	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6b77	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6b77	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6b77	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6b78	Crestview, FL: Duke Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6b79	Geneina, Sudan: Geneina Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6b7a	Eagle Pass, TX: Eagle Pass Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6b7b	Egilsstadir, Iceland: Egilsstadir Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6b7c	Wellington, KS: Wellington Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6b93	Eagle River, WI: Eagle River Union
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6b94	Egegik, AK: Egegik Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6b95	Cape Newenham, AK: Cape Newenham LRRS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6b96	Eagle Harbor, AK: Eagle Harbor Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6b97	East Hartford, CT: Rentschler Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6b98	Eia, Papua New Guinea: Eia Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6b99	Eisenach, Germany: Eisenach Kindel
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6b9a	Fairbanks, AK: Eielson AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6b9b	Eindhoven, Netherlands: Eindhoven Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6b9c	Road Town, British Virgin Islands: Terrance B. Lettsome
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bb2	Barrancabermeja, Colombia: Yariguies
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bb3	Wedjh, Saudi Arabia: Wedjh Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bb4	Eureka, CA: Murray Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bb5	Elkhart, IN: Elkhart Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bb6	Elkins, WV: Elkins-Randolph County-Jennings Randolph Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bb7	Elko, NV: Elko Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bb7	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bb7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bb7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bb7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bb7	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bb7	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bb8	Elizabethtown, KY: Addington Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bb9	Bessemer, AL: Bessemer Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bba	Eagle Lake, TX: Eagle Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bbb	El Banco, Colombia: El Banco Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bd1	Elcho Island, Australia: Elcho Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bd2	El Dorado, AR: South Arkansas Regional at Goodwin Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bd3	El Fasher, Sudan: El Fasher Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bd4	El Golea, Algeria: El Golea Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bd5	North Eleuthera, The Bahamas: North Eleuthera Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bd6	Elim, AK: Elim Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bd7	El Recreo, Colombia: El Recreo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bd8	Elmira/Corning, NY: Elmira/Corning Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bd8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bd8	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bd8	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bd8	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bd8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bd8	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bd8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bd8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bd8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bd8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bd8	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bd8	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bd8	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bd8	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bd8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bd8	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bd9	Ellensburg, WA: Bowers Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	El Paso, TX: El Paso International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	140.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	73.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	81.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	86.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	104.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf1	Gassim, Saudi Arabia: Prince Nayef Bin Abdulaziz
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf3	East London, South Africa: East London Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf4	El Tor, Egypt: El Tor Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf5	Elfin Cove, AK: Elfin Cove Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf6	Ellamar, AK: Ellamar Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf7	Ely, NV: Ely Airport/Yelland Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf8	Derby, United Kingdom: East Midlands
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6bf9	Emerald, Australia: Emerald Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c0f	Emmonak, AK: Emmonak Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c10	Kemmerer, WY: Kemmerer Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c11	Nema, Mauritania: Nema Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c12	Emporia, KS: Emporia Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c13	El Monte, CA: El Monte Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c14	Kenai, AK: Kenai Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c15	Nancy, France: Nancy Essey
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c16	Enid, OK: Vance AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c17	Centralia, IL: Centralia Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c18	Nenana, AK: Nenana Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c2e	Comayagua, Honduras: Coronel Enrique Soto Cano AB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c2f	Enschede, Netherlands: Twenthe
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c30	Enugu, Nigeria: Enugu Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c31	Wendover, UT: Wendover Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c32	Kenosha, WI: Kenosha Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c33	Medellin, Colombia: Olaya Herrera
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c34	Keokuk, IA: Keokuk Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c35	Ephrata/Moses Lake, WA: Ephrata Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c37	Epinal, France: Epinal Mirecourt
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c4d	Epena, Congo (Brazaville): Epena Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c4e	Esperance, Australia: Esperance Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c4f	Esquel, Argentina: Esquel Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c50	Erigavo, Somalia: Erigavo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c51	Erzincan, Turkey: Erzincan Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c52	Berdyansk, Ukraine: Berdyansk Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c53	Erfurt, Germany: Erfurt Weimar
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c54	Erie, PA: Erie International/Tom Ridge Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c54	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c54	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c54	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c54	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c54	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c54	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c54	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c54	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c54	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c54	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c55	Erechim, Brazil: Erechim Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c56	Eirunepe, Brazil: Eirunepe Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c6c	Windhoek, Namibia: Eros
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c6d	Erdenet, Mongolia: Erdenet Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c6e	Kerrville, TX: Kerrville Municipal/Louis Schreiner Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c6f	Erzurum, Turkey: Erzurum Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c70	Madrid, Spain: Getafe
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c71	Esa'ala, Papua New Guinea: Esa'ala Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c72	Ankara, Turkey: Esenboga
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c73	Escanaba, MI: Delta County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c73	245.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c73	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c73	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c73	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c73	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c74	Eastsound, WA: Orcas Island
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c75	Ensenada, Mexico: General Alberto L. Salinas Carranza
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c8b	Alexandria, LA: Esler Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c8c	Esmeraldas, Ecuador: Coronel Carlos Concha Torres
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c8d	Easton, MD: Easton/Newnam Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c8e	Stroudsburg, PA: Stroudsburg Pocono
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c8f	El Salvador, Chile: Ricardo Garcia Posada
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c90	Essen, Germany: Essen Mulheim
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c91	Eilat, Israel: Eilat Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c92	Eastland, TX: Eastland Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c93	Enterprise, AL: Enterprise Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6c94	Metz/Nancy, France: Metz Nancy Lorraine
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f35	Eua, Tonga: Eua Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f36	Eureka, NV: Eureka Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f37	Eufaula, AL: Weedon Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f38	Eugene, OR: Mahlon Sweet Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f38	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f38	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f38	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f38	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f38	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f38	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f38	83.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f38	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f38	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f38	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f38	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f38	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f38	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f38	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f38	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f38	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f38	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f38	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f38	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f38	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f38	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f38	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f38	94.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f38	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f38	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f38	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f38	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f38	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f38	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f38	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f38	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f38	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f38	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f39	Laayoune, Morocco: Hassan I International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f3a	St. Eustatius, Bonaire, Sint Eustatius, and Saba: F.D. Roosevelt
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f3b	Eva Creek, AK: Eva Creek Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f3c	Evenes, Norway: Evenes Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f3d	Sveg, Sweden: Sveg Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f3e	Eveleth, MN: Eveleth Virginia Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f54	Yerevan, Armenia: Zvartnots
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f56	Evansville, IN: Evansville Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f56	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f56	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f56	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f56	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f56	101.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f56	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f56	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f56	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f56	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f56	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f56	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f56	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f56	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f56	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f56	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f56	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f56	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f56	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f56	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f56	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f56	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f56	72.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f56	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f56	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f56	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f56	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f56	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f56	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f56	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f57	Evanston, WY: Evanston-Uinta County Burns Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f58	Evreux, France: Evreux Fauville
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f59	New Bedford/Fall River, MA: New Bedford Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5a	Newton, KS: Newton City County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5b	New Bern/Morehead/Beaufort, NC: Coastal Carolina Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5b	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5b	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5b	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5b	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5b	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	Newark, NJ: Newark Liberty International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	100.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	103.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	121.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	133.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	90.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	101.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	153.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	112.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	127.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	83.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	167.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	75.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	105.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	105.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	87.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	117.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	135.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	169.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	88.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	135.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	104.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	92.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	307.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	317.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	65.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	82.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	109.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	105.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	151.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	132.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	141.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	83.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	96.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	90.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	83.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	205.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	118.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	69.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	236.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	185.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	122.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	151.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	208.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	219.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	86.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	189.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	557.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	82.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	167.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	101.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	69.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	220.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	191.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5c	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f5d	Excursion Inlet, AK: Excursion Inlet Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f73	Exeter, United Kingdom: Exeter Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f74	George Town, The Bahamas: George Town Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f75	Yelimane, Mali: Yelimane Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f76	El Yopal, Colombia: El Yopal Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f77	Key West, FL: Key West International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f77	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f77	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f77	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f77	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f77	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f77	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f77	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f77	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f77	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f77	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f77	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f77	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f77	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f77	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f77	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f77	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f77	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f77	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f77	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f77	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f77	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f77	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f77	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f78	Ezeiza, Argentina: Ministro Pistarini
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f79	Elazig, Turkey: Elazig Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f7a	Murrieta/Temecula, CA: French Valley
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f7b	Farnborough, United Kingdom: Farnborough Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f7c	Sorvagur, Denmark: Vagar
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f92	Fairbanks, AK: Fairbanks International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f92	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f92	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f92	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f92	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f92	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f92	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f92	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f92	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f92	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f92	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f92	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f92	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f92	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f92	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f92	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f92	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f93	Fajardo, PR: Diego Jimenez Torres
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f94	False Island, AK: False Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f95	Roma, TX: Falcon State Park
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f96	Farmington, MO: Farmington Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f97	Farsund, Norway: Lista
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f98	Faro, Portugal: Faro Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	Fargo, ND: Hector International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	89.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	127.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	75.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f99	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	Fresno, CA: Fresno Yosemite International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	82.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	77.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	74.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6f9b	Fairmount Island, AK: Fairmount Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fb1	Fakarava, French Polynesia: Fakarava Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fb2	Fayetteville, NC: Fayetteville Regional/Grannis Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fb2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fb2	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fb2	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fb2	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fb2	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fb2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fb2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fb2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fb2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fb2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fb2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fb2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fb2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fb2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fb2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fb2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fb3	Fort Bragg, NC: Simmons AAF
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fb4	Fairbanks, AK: Ladd AAF
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fb5	Lubumbashi, Congo (Kinshasa): Lubumbashi International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fb6	Fort Bridger, WY: Fort Bridger Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fb7	Friday Harbor, WA: Friday Harbor Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fb8	Oslo, Norway: Fornebu
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fb9	Kalispell, MT: Glacier Park International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fb9	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fb9	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fb9	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fb9	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fb9	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fb9	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fb9	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fb9	77.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fb9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fba	Fresno, CA: Fresno Chandler Executive
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fd0	Minneapolis, MN: Flying Cloud
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fd1	Rome, Italy: Fiumicino
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fd2	Colorado Springs, CO: Butts AAF
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fd3	Forde, Norway: Forde Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fd4	Fort de France, Martinique: Martinique Aime Cesaire
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fd5	Friedrichshafen, Germany: Friedrichshafen Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fd6	Frederick, MD: Frederick Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fd7	Frederick, OK: Frederick Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fd8	Bandundu, Congo (Kinshasa): Bandundu Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fd9	Findlay, OH: Findlay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6fef	Fergana, Uzbekistan: Fergana Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6ff0	Fernando de Noronha, Brazil: Fernando de Noronha Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6ff1	Freeport, IL: Albertus
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6ff2	Fremont, NE: Fremont Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6ff3	Cheyenne, WY: Francis E. Warren AFB Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6ff4	Fez, Morocco: Saiss International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6ff5	Fairford, United Kingdom: RAF Fairford
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6ff6	Fergus Falls, MN: Fergus Falls Municipal-Einar Mickelson Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6ff7	Dayton, OH: Wright-Patterson AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e6ff8	Frankfort, KY: Capital City
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e700e	Fderik, Mauritania: Fderik Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e700f	Apia, Samoa: Fagali I
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7011	Fort Huachuca, AZ: Sierra Vista Municipal-Libby AAF
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7012	Fire Cove, AK: Fire Cove Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7013	Fishers Island, NY: Elizabeth Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7014	Kinshasa, Congo (Kinshasa): N'Djili International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7015	Fillmore, UT: Fillmore Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7016	Finschhafen, Papua New Guinea: Finschhafen Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7017	Fitzroy Crossing, Australia: Fitzroy Crossing Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e702d	Al-Fujairah, United Arab Emirates: Fujairah International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e702e	Karlsruhe/Baden-Baden, Germany: Karlsruhe/Baden-Baden Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e702f	Kisangani, Congo (Kinshasa): Bangoka International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7030	Fukui, Japan: Fukui Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7031	Franklin/Oil City, PA: Venango Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7032	Fukushima, Japan: Fukushima Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7033	Zephyrhills, FL: Zephyrhills Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7034	Valkaria, FL: Valkaria Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7035	Chipley, FL: Vosikas
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7036	Bunnell, FL: Flagler County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e704c	Williston, FL: Williston Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e704d	Florencia, Colombia: Gustavo Artunduaga Paredes
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e704e	Floriano, Brazil: Floriano Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e704f	Fond Du Lac, WI: Fond Du Lac County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7050	Flensburg, Germany: Flensburg Schaferhaus
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7051	Flagstaff, AZ: Flagstaff Pulliam
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7051	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7051	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7051	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7051	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7051	97.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7051	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7051	112.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7051	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7051	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7051	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7051	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7051	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7051	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7051	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7052	Falls Bay, AK: Falls Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	Fort Lauderdale, FL: Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	82.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	115.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	91.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	108.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	76.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	86.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	101.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	131.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	102.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	95.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	108.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	82.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	269.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	152.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	106.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	166.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	72.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	69.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	74.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	74.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	105.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	72.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	140.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	83.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	237.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	107.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	135.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	131.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	254.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7053	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7054	Florianopolis, Brazil: Hercilio Luz International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7055	Florence, SC: Florence Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e72f6	Florence, Italy: Firenze
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e72f7	Flinders Island, Australia: Flinders Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e72f8	Flat, AK: Flat Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e72f9	New York, NY: Flushing
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e72fa	Leavenworth, KS: Sherman AAF
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e72fb	Santa Cruz das Flores, Portugal: Flores
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e72fc	Fallon, NV: Fallon Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e72fd	Formosa, Argentina: Formosa Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e72fe	Five Mile Camp, AK: Five Mile Camp Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e72ff	Falmouth, MA: Cape Cod CGAS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7315	Kalemie, Congo (Kinshasa): Kalemie Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7316	Farmington, NM: Four Corners Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7317	Greven, Germany: Munster/Osnabruck
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7318	Fort Madison, IA: Fort Madison Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7319	Fort Myers, FL: Page Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e731a	Freetown, Sierra Leone: Freetown Lungi
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e731b	Funchal, Portugal: Madeira
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e731c	Nimes, France: Nimes Garons
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e731d	Pyongyang, North Korea: Pyongyang International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e731e	Fort Collins/Loveland, CO: Fort Collins-Loveland Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7334	Funter Bay Alaska, AK: Funter Bay
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7335	Flint, MI: Bishop International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7335	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7335	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7335	171.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7335	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7335	96.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7335	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7335	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7335	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7337	Fort Bragg, CA: Fort Bragg Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7338	Fuzhou, China: Changle
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7339	Fort Dodge, IA: Fort Dodge Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e733a	Topeka, KS: Forbes Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e733b	Foggia, Italy: Foggia Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e733c	Westhampton, NY: Francis S. Gabreski
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7353	Fortaleza, Brazil: Pinto Martins International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7354	Freeport, The Bahamas: Grand Bahama International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7355	Fort Pierce, FL: St. Lucie County International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7356	Perry, FL: Perry-Foley
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7357	Patching Lake, AK: Patching Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7358	Ventura, CA: San Nicolas Island NOLF
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7359	Kodiak, AK: Lilly Lake
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e735a	Katmai National Park, AK: Trident Volcano
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e735b	Annex Creek, AK: Annex Creek Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e735c	Davidson Creek, AK: Davidson Creek Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7372	Snettisham, AK: Snettisham Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7373	Fire Island, AK: Fire Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7374	Scott, KY: Georgetown Scott County - Marshall Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7375	Greens Creek, AK: Greens Creek Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7376	Gull Cove, AK: Gull Cove Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7377	Flora, IL: Flora Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7379	Karta Lake, AK: Karta Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e737a	Manzanita Lake, AK: Manzanita Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e737b	Shrimp Bay, AK: Shrimp Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7391	Dry Bay, AK: Dry Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7392	Josephine Lake, AK: Josephine Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7395	Libby, MT: Libby Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7396	Volcano Bay, AK: Volcano Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7397	Fort Glenn, AK: Fort Glenn Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7398	Babe Islands, AK: Babe Islands Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7399	Kahli Cove, AK: Kahli Cove Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73b0	Frankfurt, Germany: Frankfurt Main
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73b1	Franca, Brazil: Franca Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73b2	Friday Harbor, WA: Friday Harbor Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73b3	Frankfurt, Germany: Rhein Main AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73b4	East Farmingdale, NY: Republic
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73b5	Forli, Italy: Forli Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73b6	Fairmont, MN: Fairmont Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73b7	Floro, Norway: Floro Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73b8	Fresh Water Bay, AK: Fresh Water Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73b9	Front Royal, VA: Front Royal-Warren County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73cf	Flores, Guatemala: Flores Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d0	Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan: Manas
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d1	Francistown, Botswana: Francistown Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d2	Fryeburg, ME: Eastern Slopes Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d3	Figari, France: Figari Sud Corse
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	Sioux Falls, SD: Joe Foss Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	125.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	120.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	87.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	165.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	77.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	110.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d4	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d5	Fort Sill, OK: Henry Post AAF
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d6	Fort Scott, KS: Fort Scott Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d7	Fort Smith, AR: Fort Smith Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d7	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d7	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d7	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d7	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d7	93.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d7	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d7	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d7	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73d8	St. Pierre, Saint Pierre and Miquelon: St. Pierre Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73ee	Ft. Stockton, TX: Fort Stockton Pecos County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73ef	Shizuoka, Japan: Shizuoka Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73f0	Fort Collins, CO: Fort Collins Airpark
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73f1	El Calafate, Argentina: El Calafate Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73f2	Denver, CO: Front Range
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73f3	Fort Knox, KY: Godman AAF
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73f4	Fortuna Ledge, AK: Fortuna Ledge Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73f5	Fort Dauphin, Madagascar: Marillac
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73f6	Masvingo, Zimbabwe: Masvingo International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e73f7	Dallas/Fort Worth, TX: Fort Worth Meacham International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e740d	Atlanta, GA: Fulton County Airport-Brown Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e740e	Fuerteventura, Spain: Fuerteventura Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e740f	Fukue, Japan: Fukue Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7410	Fukuoka, Japan: Fukuoka Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7411	Fullerton, CA: Fullerton Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7412	Funafuti, Tuvalu: Funafuti International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7413	Futuna Island, Wallis and Futuna: Futuna Pointe Vele
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7414	Osprey Lodge, AK: Osprey Lodge Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7415	Baledogle, Somalia: Baledogle Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7416	Baikonour, Kazakhstan: Baikonour Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76b7	Sonora, TX: Sonora Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76b8	Fallbrook, CA: Fallbrook Community Airpark
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76b9	Dadaab, Kenya: Hagadera
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76ba	Wickenburg, AZ: Wickenburg Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76bb	Othello, WA: Othello Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76bc	Lake Providence, LA: Byerley
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76bd	Amberley, Australia: Amberley Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76d6	Culbertson, MT: Big Sky Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76d7	Aurora, OR: Aurora State
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76d8	Quincy, CA: Gansner Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76d9	Donlin Creek Mine, AK: Donlin Creek Mine Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76da	Three Forks, MT: Three Forks Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76db	Rexburg, ID: Rexburg-Madison County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76dc	Latacunga, Ecuador: Latacunga Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76dd	Las Palmas, Peru: Las Palmas Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76de	Kernville, CA: Kern Valley
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76df	Golden Creek Mine, AK: Golden Creek Mine Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76f5	Grace Harbor, AK: Grace Harbor Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76f6	Unuk River, AK: Unuk River Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76f7	Deadhorse, AK: Inigok
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76f8	Fort Wayne, IN: Fort Wayne International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76f8	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76f8	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76f8	71.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76f8	129.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76f8	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76f8	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76f8	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76f8	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76f8	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76f8	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76f8	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76f9	Fort Worth, TX: Fort Worth NAS JRB/Carswell Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76fa	Farewell, AK: Farewell Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76fb	Fort Worth, TX: Fort Worth Spinks
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76fc	Fort Lauderdale, FL: Fort Lauderdale Executive
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76fd	Kaktovik, AK: Bullen Point AFS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e76fe	Nova Freixo, Mozambique: Nova Freixo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7714	Clinton, IN: Frankfort Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7715	Forest City, IA: Forest City Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7716	Faya-Largeau, Chad: Faya-Largeau Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7717	Fort Yukon, AK: Fort Yukon Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7718	Fayetteville, AR: Drake Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7719	Filton, United Kingdom: Bristol Filton
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e771a	Lafayette, GA: Barwick Lafayette
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e771b	Carrollton, GA: West Georgia Regional - O V Gray Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e771c	Atlanta, GA: Newnan Coweta County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e771d	Gracias, Honduras: Gracias Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7733	Gadsden, AL: Northeast Alabama Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7734	Gabes, Tunisia: Matmata Northeast
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7735	Gaithersburg, MD: Montgomery County Airpark
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7736	Yamagata, Japan: Yamagata Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7737	Galena, AK: Edward G. Pitka Sr.
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7738	Gambell, AK: Gambell Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7739	Gan Island, Maldives: Gan Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e773a	Guantanamo, Cuba: Los Canos
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e773b	Gao, Mali: Gao Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e773c	Garaina, Papua New Guinea: Garaina Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7752	Gap, France: Gap Tallard
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7753	Guwahati, India: Guwahati International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7754	Gangaw, Burma: Gangaw Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7755	Gaya, India: Gaya Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7756	Suffolk, United Kingdom: Wattisham
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7757	Goose Bay, AK: Goose Bay AAF
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7758	Great Bend, KS: Great Bend Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7759	Gaborone, Botswana: Sir Seretse Khama International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e775a	Galesburg, IL: Galesburg Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e775b	Galbraith Lake, AK: Galbraith Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7771	Marie Galante, Guadeloupe: Marie Galante Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7772	Gbangbatok, Sierra Leone: Gbangbatok Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7773	Great Barrington, MA: Walter J. Koladza
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7774	Khashm El Girba, Sudan: Khashm El Girba Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7775	Guacamayas, Colombia: Guacamayas Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7776	Gillette, WY: Gillette Campbell County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7776	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7776	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7776	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7776	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7776	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7776	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7776	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7776	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7776	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7776	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7776	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7776	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7777	Guernsey, United Kingdom: Guernsey Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7778	Garden City, KS: Garden City Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7778	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7778	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7778	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7778	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7778	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7778	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7779	Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands: Owen Roberts International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e777a	Grand Canyon, AZ: Grand Canyon National Park
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7790	Greeneville, TN: Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7791	Greenville, SC: Donaldson Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7792	Gode, Ethiopia: Gode Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7793	Golden Horn Lodge, AK: Golden Horn Lodge Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7794	Guadalajara, Mexico: Miguel Hidalgo Y Costilla International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7795	Gardner, MA: Gardner Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7796	Gdansk, Poland: Gdansk Lech Walesa
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7797	Gondar, Ethiopia: Gondar Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7798	Grand Turk, Turks and Caicos Islands: JAGS McCartney International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7799	Glendive, MT: Dawson Community
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77af	Gladwin, MI: Gladwin Zettel Memorial
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b0	Magadan, Russia: Magadan Sokol
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b1	Noumea, New Caledonia: Noumea Magenta
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b2	Georgetown, DE: Sussex County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	Spokane, WA: Spokane International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	117.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b3	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b4	Ganes Creek, AK: Ganes Creek Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b5	Santo Angelo, Brazil: Santo Angelo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b6	Oslo, Norway: Gardermoen
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b7	Georgetown, Guyana: Cheddi Jagan International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77b8	Nueva Gerona, Cuba: Rafael Cabrera
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77ce	General Santos, Philippines: General Santos Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77cf	Geraldton, Australia: Geraldton Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77d0	Gallivare, Sweden: Gallivare Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77d1	Greybull, WY: South Big Horn County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77d2	Shelbyville, IN: Shelbyville Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77d3	Great Falls, MT: Malmstrom AFB Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77d4	Togiak Fish, AK: Togiak Fish Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77d5	Griffith, Australia: Griffith Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77d6	Grand Forks, ND: Grand Forks International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77d6	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77d6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77d6	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77d6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e77d7	Glens Falls, NY: Floyd Bennett Memorial
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7a78	Grafton, Australia: Grafton Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7a79	Bartica, Guyana: Bartica Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7a7a	Granville, France: Granville Mont Saint Michel
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7a7b	Grootfontein, Namibia: Grootfontein Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7a7c	Georgetown, SC: Georgetown County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7a7d	Longview, TX: East Texas Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7a7d	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7a7d	92.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7a7d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7a7d	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7a7d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7a7e	Gagnoa, Cote d'Ivoire: Gagnoa Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7a7f	Moss Town, The Bahamas: Exuma International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7a80	Glasgow, MT: Wokal Field/Glasgow International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7a81	Ghardaia, Algeria: Noumerat Moufdi Zakaria
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7a97	Governors Harbour, The Bahamas: Governors Harbour Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7a98	Great Harbour Cay, The Bahamas: Great Harbour Cay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7a99	Ghat, Libya: Ghat Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7a9a	Gualeguaychu, Argentina: Gualeguaychu Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7a9b	Gibraltar, Gibraltar: Gibraltar Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7a9c	Rio de Janeiro, Brazil: Galeao-Antonio Carlos Jobim
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7a9d	Gilgit, Pakistan: Gilgit Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7a9e	Gisborne, New Zealand: Gisborne Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7a9f	Gizan, Saudi Arabia: Gizan Saudia Arabia
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7aa0	Guanaja Island, Honduras: Guanaja
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7ab6	Guajara-Mirim, Brazil: Guajara Mirim
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7ab7	Grand Junction, CO: Grand Junction Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7ab7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7ab7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7ab7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7ab7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7ab7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7ab7	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7ab7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7ab7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7ab7	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7ab7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7ab7	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7ab7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7ab7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7ab7	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7ab7	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7ab7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7ab7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7ab7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7ab7	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7ab7	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7ab7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7ab7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7ab7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7ab7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7ab7	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7ab8	Goroka, Papua New Guinea: Goroka Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7ab9	Great Keppel Island, Australia: Bonnie Doon
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7aba	Gulkana, AK: Gulkana Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7abc	Station Nord, Greenland: Station Nord Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7abd	Hyde Fjord, Greenland: Hyde Fjord Ice Strip
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7abe	Glasgow, United Kingdom: Glasgow Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7abf	Goodland, KS: Renner Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7ad5	Golfito, Costa Rica: Golfito Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7ad6	Greenville, MS: Greenville Mid Delta
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7ad7	Glen Innes, Australia: Glen Innes Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7ad8	Galcaio, Somalia: Galcaio Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7ad9	Glenormiston, Australia: Glenormiston Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7ada	Goulimime, Morocco: Goulimime Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7adb	Gloucester/Cheltenham, United Kingdom: Gloucestershire
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7adc	Glennallen, AK: Glennallen Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7add	Gaylord, MI: Gaylord Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7ade	Galveston, TX: Scholes International at Galveston
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7af4	Gladstone, Australia: Gladstone Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7af5	Golovin, AK: Golovin Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7af6	Glasgow, KY: Glasgow Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7af7	Gemena, Congo (Kinshasa): Gemena Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7af8	Guerima, Colombia: Guerima Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7af9	Seoul, South Korea: Gimpo International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7afa	Granite Mountain, AK: Granite Mountain AS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7afb	Greenville, SC: Greenville Downtown
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7afc	Hrodna, Belarus: Hrodna Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7afd	Grenoble, France: Grenoble Isere
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b13	Grenada, Grenada: Maurice Bishop International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b14	General Roca, Argentina: General Roca Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b15	Goodnews Bay, AK: Goodnews
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b16	Gainesville, FL: Gainesville Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b16	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b16	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b16	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b16	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b16	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b16	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b16	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b16	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b16	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b16	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b16	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b16	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b16	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b16	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b16	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b16	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b16	86.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b16	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b16	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b16	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b16	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b16	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b16	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b17	Genoa, Italy: Genova/Sestri
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b18	Goba, Ethiopia: Goba Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b19	Nuuk, Greenland: Nuuk Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b1a	Goa, India: Goa Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b1b	Nizhniy Novgorod, Russia: Nizhny Novgorod
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b1c	Gold Beach, OR: Gold Beach Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b32	Goma, Congo (Kinshasa): Goma Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b33	New London/Groton, CT: Groton-New London
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b34	Goondiwindi, Australia: Goondiwindi Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b35	Gorakhpur, India: Gorakhpur Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b36	Gore, Ethiopia: Gore Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b37	Gosford, Australia: Gosford Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b38	Gothenburg, Sweden: Landvetter
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b39	Garoua, Cameroon: Garoua Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b3a	Gove, Australia: Gove Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b3b	Gorna Oryahovitsa, Bulgaria: Gorna Oryahovitsa Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b51	Guapi, Colombia: Guapi Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b52	Grand Prairie, TX: Grand Prairie Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b53	Galapagos Islands, Ecuador: Baltra
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b54	Gulfport/Biloxi, MS: Gulfport-Biloxi International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b54	104.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b54	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b54	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b54	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b54	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b54	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b54	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b54	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b54	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b54	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b54	113.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b54	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b54	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b54	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b54	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b54	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b54	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b54	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b54	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b54	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b54	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b54	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b54	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b54	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b54	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b54	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b54	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b54	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b54	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b54	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b54	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b54	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b54	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b54	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b54	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b54	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b54	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b55	Grand Rapids, MN: Grand Rapids/Itasca County-Gordon Newstrom Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b56	Galion, OH: Horning
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b57	Gamarra, Colombia: Germania
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b58	Green Bay, WI: Austin Straubel International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b58	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b58	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b58	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b58	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b58	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b58	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b58	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b58	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b58	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b58	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b58	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b58	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b58	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b58	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b58	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b58	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b58	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b58	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b58	71.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b58	73.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b58	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b58	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b58	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b58	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b58	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b58	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b58	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b58	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b58	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b58	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b58	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b58	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b58	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b58	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b58	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b58	113.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b58	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b58	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b58	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b58	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b58	80.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b59	Greenwood, SC: Greenwood County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b5a	Tacoma, WA: Gray AAF
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b70	Grand Island, NE: Central Nebraska Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b70	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b70	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b70	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b70	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b70	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b70	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b71	George, South Africa: George Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b72	Killeen, TX: Robert Gray AAF
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b72	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b72	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b72	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b72	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b72	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b72	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b72	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b72	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b72	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b72	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b72	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b72	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b72	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b72	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b72	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b72	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b72	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b72	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b72	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b72	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b72	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b72	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b72	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b72	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b72	69.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b72	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b72	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b72	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b72	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b72	148.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b72	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b72	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b72	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b72	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b72	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b72	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b72	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b72	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b73	Gerona, Spain: Gerona Costa Brava
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b74	Gurupi, Brazil: Gurupi Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b75	Groningen, Netherlands: Eelde
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	Grand Rapids, MI: Gerald R. Ford International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	141.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	106.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	113.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	122.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	95.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	78.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	113.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	102.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	71.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	313.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	76.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b77	Grosseto, Italy: Grosseto Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b78	Sao Paulo, Brazil: Guarulhos Gov Andre Franco Montoro
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b79	Graciosa Island, Portugal: Graciosa Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b8f	Granada, Spain: Granada Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b90	Graz, Austria: Graz International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b91	Goldsboro, NC: Seymour Johnson AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b92	Gothenburg, Sweden: Gothenburg City
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b93	Goshen, IN: Goshen Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	Greensboro/High Point, NC: Piedmont Triad International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	109.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	176.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	307.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	72.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b94	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	Greer, SC: Greenville-Spartanburg International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	149.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	72.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	86.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	134.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b95	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b96	Gustavus, AK: Gustavus Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47e7b98	Dallas/Fort Worth, TX: Greater Southwest International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd0e	San Jose, Guatemala: San Jose Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd0f	Genting, Malaysia: Genting Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd10	Groote Island, Australia: Groote Eylandt
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd11	Great Falls, MT: Great Falls International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd11	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd11	72.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd11	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd11	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd11	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd11	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd11	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd11	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd11	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd11	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd11	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd11	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd11	89.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd11	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd11	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd11	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd12	Sungei Tekai, Malaysia: Sungei Tekai Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd13	Mount Cook, New Zealand: Glentanner
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd14	Gorontalo, Indonesia: Djalaluddin
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd15	Columbus, MS: Golden Triangle Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd15	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd15	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd15	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd15	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd15	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd15	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd15	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd16	Georgetown, TX: Georgetown Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd17	Zlin, Czech Republic: Holesov
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd2d	Guatemala City, Guatemala: La Aurora International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd2e	Guerrero Negro, Mexico: Guerrero Negro Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd2f	Gunnison, CO: Gunnison-Crested Butte Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd2f	154.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd2f	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd30	Goundam, Mali: Goundam Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd31	Gunnedah, Australia: Gunnedah Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd32	Guiria, Venezuela: Guiria Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd33	Guam, TT: Guam International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd33	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd33	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd34	Gualaco, Honduras: Jicalapa
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd35	Gallup, NM: Gallup Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd36	Guanare, Venezuela: Guanare Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd4c	Alotau, Papua New Guinea: Gurney
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd4d	Peru, IN: Grissom ARB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd4e	Gutersloh, Germany: Gutersloh Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd4f	Atyrau, Kazakhstan: Atyrau Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd50	Guymon, OK: Guymon Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd51	Guiratinga, Brazil: Guiratinga Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd52	Geneva, Switzerland: Geneva Cointrin
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd53	Gordonville, VA: Gordonsville Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd54	Gainesville, GA: Lee Gilmer Memorial
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd55	Batavia, NY: Genesee County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd6b	Governador Valadares, Brazil: Governador Valadares Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd6c	Greenville, TX: Majors
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd6d	Grandview, MO: Richards/Gebaur AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd6e	Gavle, Sweden: Gavle Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd6f	Gwadar, Pakistan: Gwadar International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd70	Gweru, Zimbabwe: Gweru Thornhill
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd73	Gwalior, India: Gwalior Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd74	Greenwood, MS: Greenwood/Leflore
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd8a	Gwinner, ND: Gwinner-Roger Melroe Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd8b	Glenwood Springs, CO: Glenwood Springs Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd8c	Westerland-Sylt, Germany: Sylt
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd8e	Galway, Ireland: Carnmore
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd8f	Sayun, Yemen: Sayun International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd90	Mildenhall, United Kingdom: Mildenhall NAF
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd91	Coyhaique, Chile: Teniente Vidal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd92	Yagoua, Cameroon: Yagoua Ville
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecd93	Guayaramerin, Bolivia: Guayaramerin Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecda9	Baku, Azerbaijan: Baku Metropolitan Area
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecdaa	Guayaquil, Ecuador: Jose Joaquin de Olmedo International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecdab	Guaymas, Mexico: General Jose Maria Yanez International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecdac	Goiania, Brazil: Santa Genoveva
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecdad	Goodyear, AZ: Phoenix Goodyear
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecdae	Gary, IN: Gary/Chicago International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecdaf	Gizo, Solomon Islands: Gizo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecdb0	Gaziantep, Turkey: Gaziantep Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecdb1	Hamilton, AL: Marion County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecdb2	Hachijo Jima Island, Japan: Hachijo Jima Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecdc8	Halmstad, Sweden: Halmstad Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecdc9	Havasupai, AZ: Havasupai Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecdca	Half Moon Bay, CA: Half Moon Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecdcb	Moroni, Comoros: Prince Said Ibrahim
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecdcc	Hannover, Germany: Hannover Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecdcd	Haikou, China: Meilan
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecdce	Hamburg, Germany: Hamburg Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecdcf	Hanoi, Vietnam: Noibai International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecdd0	Hamilton, OH: Butler County Regional Hogan Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecdd1	Long Island, Australia: Long Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecde7	Harrisburg, PA: Capital City
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecde8	Hail, Saudi Arabia: Hail Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecde9	Haugesund, Norway: Karmoy
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecdea	Havana, Cuba: Jose Marti International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecdeb	Haycock, AK: Haycock Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecdec	Hobart, Australia: Hobart Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecded	Hanus Bay, AK: Hanus Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecdee	Alexandria, Egypt: Borg El Arab
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecdef	Hattiesburg, MS: Hattiesburg Bobby L. Chain Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ecdf0	Hobart Bay, AK: Hobart Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ece06	Harbour Island, The Bahamas: Harbour Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ece07	Babelegi, South Africa: Babelegi Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ece08	Hafr Al Batin, Saudi Arabia: Al Batin
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ece09	Hebbronville, TX: Jim Hogg County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ece0a	Hood Bay, AK: Hood Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ece0b	Big Spring, TX: Howard County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ece0c	Shoal Cove, AK: Shoal Cove Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ece0d	Holy Cross, AK: Holy Cross Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ece0e	Hidden Falls, AK: Hidden Falls Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ece0f	Heidelberg, Germany: Heidelberg AHP
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ece25	Hyderabad, Pakistan: Hyderabad Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ece26	Heringsdorf, Germany: Heringsdorf Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ece27	Mokuleia, HI: Dillingham
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ece28	Hamadan, Iran: Hamadan Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ece29	Hayden, CO: Yampa Valley
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ece29	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ece29	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ece29	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ece29	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ece29	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ece29	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ece29	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ece29	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ece29	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ece29	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ece29	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ece29	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ece29	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ece29	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ece29	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ece29	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ece29	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ece2a	Hoedspruit, South Africa: Hoedspruit Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ece2b	Hat Yai, Thailand: Hat Yai International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ece2c	Herat, Afghanistan: Herat Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ece2d	Herendeen, AK: Herendeen Bay
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ece2e	Heho, Burma: Heho Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed0cf	Heide/Busum, Germany: Heide-Busum
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed0d0	Helsinki, Finland: Helsinki Vantaa
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed0d1	Heraklion, Greece: Nikos Kazantzakis
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed0d2	Hermiston, OR: Hermiston Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed0d3	Hohhot, China: Baita
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed0d4	Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic: Herrera International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed0d5	Natchez, MS: Hardy-Anders Field Natchez-Adams County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed0d6	Haifa, Israel: Haifa Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed0d7	Hartford, CT: Hartford Brainard
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed0d8	Hefei, China: Luogang
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed0ee	Hoffman, NC: Mackall AAF
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed0ef	Hofn, Iceland: Hornafjordur
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed0f0	Hammerfest, Norway: Hammerfest Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed0f1	Hargeisa, Somalia: Egal International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed0f2	Hughenden, Australia: Hughenden Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed0f3	Hangzhou, China: Xiaoshan
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed0f4	Dune, Germany: Helgoland Dune
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed0f5	Mae Hong Son, Thailand: Mae Hong Son Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed0f6	Korhogo, Cote d'Ivoire: Korhogo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed0f7	Hagerstown, MD: Hagerstown Regional-Richard A. Henson Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed10d	Freetown, Sierra Leone: Hastings
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed10e	Mount Hagen, Papua New Guinea: Mount Hagen Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed10f	Hogatza, AK: Hogatza Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed110	Hachinohe, Japan: Hachinohe Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed111	Hilton Head, SC: Hilton Head Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed112	Hahn, Germany: Frankfurt Hahn
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed113	Hong Kong, Hong Kong: Kai Tak Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed114	Hawthorne, CA: Jack Northrop Field/Hawthorne Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed115	Hiawatha, KS: Hiawatha Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed116	Hibbing, MN: Range Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed116	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed116	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed116	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed116	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed116	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed116	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed116	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed116	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed12c	Whitefield, NH: Mount Washington Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed12d	Ogden, UT: Hill AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed12e	Lake Havasu City, AZ: Lake Havasu City Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed12f	Hiroshima, Japan: Hiroshima Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed130	Honolulu, HI: Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed131	Jinju, South Korea: Sacheon AB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed132	Hillsboro, OR: Portland Hillsboro
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed133	Honiara, Solomon Islands: Honiara International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed134	Hayman Island, Australia: Hayman Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed135	Khajuraho, India: Khajuraho Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed14b	Blytheville, AR: Blytheville Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed14c	Healy, AK: Healy River
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed14d	Hakodate, Japan: Hakodate Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed14e	Hong Kong, Hong Kong: Hong Kong International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed14f	Hokitika, New Zealand: Hokitika Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed150	Hoskins, Papua New Guinea: Hoskins Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed151	Kaanapali, HI: Kaanapali Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed152	Jackson, MS: Hawkins Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed153	Phuket, Thailand: Phuket International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed154	Hickory, NC: Hickory Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed16a	Lanseria, South Africa: Lanseria International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed16b	Hailar, China: Hailar Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed16c	Hultsfred, Sweden: Hultsfred Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed16d	Wheeling, WV: Wheeling Ohio County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed16e	Hollister, CA: Hollister Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed16f	Holland, MI: Park Township
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed170	Helena, MT: Helena Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed170	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed170	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed171	Holbrook, AZ: Holbrook Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed172	Jakarta, Indonesia: Halim Perdanakusuma International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed173	Hamilton, Australia: Hamilton Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed189	Hamilton, New Zealand: Hamilton Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed18b	Hassi Messaoud, Algeria: Oued Irara Krim Belkacem
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed18c	Alamogordo, NM: Holloman AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed18d	Hermosillo, Mexico: General Ignacio P. Garcia International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed18e	Homeshore, AK: Homeshore Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed18f	Hemet, CA: Hemet-Ryan
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed190	Hanamaki, Japan: Hanamaki Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed191	Hatteras, NC: Billy Mitchell
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed192	Tokyo, Japan: Tokyo International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1a8	Hienghene, New Caledonia: Hienghene/Henri Martinet
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1a9	Hoonah, AK: Hoonah Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	Honolulu, HI: Honolulu International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	99.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	88.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	1013.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	106.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	191.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	151.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	105.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	190.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	82.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	133.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ab	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ac	Hana, HI: Hana Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ad	Haines, AK: Haines Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1af	Hobbs, NM: Lea County Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1af	73.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1af	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1af	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1af	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1b0	Hodeidah, Yemen: Hodeidah International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1b1	Hofuf, Saudi Arabia: Al Ahsa
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1c7	Holguin, Cuba: Frank Pais International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1c8	Hao Island, French Polynesia: Hao
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1c9	Hooker Creek, Australia: Hooker Creek Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ca	Holikachuk, AK: Holikachuk Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1cb	Homer, AK: Homer Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1cc	Huron, SD: Huron Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ce	Hopkinsville, KY: Campbell AAF
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1cf	Hof, Germany: Hof Plauen
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1d0	Horta, Portugal: Horta Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e6	Hot Springs, AR: Memorial Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	Houston, TX: William P Hobby
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	115.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	114.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	171.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	143.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	134.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	110.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	124.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	119.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	83.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	128.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	94.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e8	Orsta/Volda, Norway: Hovden
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1e9	Balboa, Panama: Panama Pacifico International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ea	Lifuka, Tonga: Salote Pilolevu
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1eb	Hooper Bay, AK: Hooper Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ec	Hai Phong, Vietnam: Catbi
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	White Plains, NY: Westchester County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	86.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	78.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	74.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	76.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	115.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	90.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	233.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ee	Hampton, IA: Hampton Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed1ef	Hanalei, HI: Princeville
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed490	Hoquiam, WA: Bowerman
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed491	Harbin, China: Taiping
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed493	Harare, Zimbabwe: Harare International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed494	Hurghada, Egypt: Hurghada International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed495	Kharkov, Ukraine: Kharkov Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed496	Harlingen/San Benito, TX: Valley International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed496	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed496	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed496	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed496	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed496	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed496	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed496	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed496	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed496	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed496	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed496	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed496	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed496	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed496	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed496	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed496	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed496	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed496	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed496	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed496	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed496	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed496	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed496	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed496	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed496	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed496	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed496	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed496	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed496	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed497	Harrison, AR: Boone County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed499	Harrogate, United Kingdom: Linton-On-Ouse
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4af	Shaoguan, China: Shaoguan Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b0	Las Vegas, NV: Henderson Executive
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b1	Hastings, NE: Hastings Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b2	Huesca, Spain: Huesca Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b3	Huslia, AK: Huslia Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b4	Hot Springs, VA: Ingalls Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b5	Homestead, FL: Homestead ARB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b6	Huntsville, AL: Huntsville International-Carl T Jones Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b6	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b6	69.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b6	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b6	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b6	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b6	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b6	71.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b6	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b6	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b6	159.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b6	154.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b6	91.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b6	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b6	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b6	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b6	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b6	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b6	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b6	138.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b6	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b6	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b7	Chita, Russia: Chita Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4b8	Hatfield, United Kingdom: Hatfield Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4ce	Hawthorne, NV: Hawthorne Industrial
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4cf	Hamilton Island, Australia: Hamilton Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4d0	East Hampton, NY: East Hampton Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4d1	Ashland, WV: Tri-State/Milton J. Ferguson Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4d2	Hato Corozal, Colombia: Hato Corozal Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4d3	Huntsville, AL: Redstone AAF
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4d4	Humacao, PR: Dr Hermnegildo Ortiz Quionoes
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4d5	Humera, Ethiopia: Humera Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4d6	Terre Haute, IN: Terre Haute International-Hulman Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4d7	Huehuetenango, Guatemala: Huehuetenango Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4ed	Huahine, French Polynesia: Huahine Fare
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4ee	Hue, Vietnam: Phubai International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4ef	Houlton, ME: Houlton International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4f0	Houma, LA: Houma Terrebonne
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4f1	Hualien, Taiwan: Hualien Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4f2	Hughes, AK: Hughes Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4f3	Hutchinson, KS: Hutchinson Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4f4	Huanuco, Peru: Alferez FAP David Figueroa Fernandini
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4f5	Hudiksvall, Sweden: Hudiksvall Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed4f6	Santa Cruz/Huatulco, Mexico: Bahias de Huatulco International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed50c	Humberside, United Kingdom: Humberside Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed50d	Analalava, Madagascar: Analalava Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed50e	Hervey Bay, Australia: Hervey Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed50f	Hopkinsville, KY: Hopkinsville-Christian County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed510	New Haven, CT: Tweed New Haven
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed511	Havre, MT: Havre City-County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed512	Hartsville, SC: Hartsville Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed513	Hayward, CA: Hayward Executive
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed514	Hawk Inlet, AK: Hawk Inlet Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed52b	Hyannis, MA: Barnstable Municipal-Boardman/Polando Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed52c	Hyderabad, India: Hyderabad Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed52d	Hydaburg, AK: Hydaburg Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed52e	Hollis, AK: Hollis Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed52f	Hayward, WI: Sawyer County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed530	Hays, KS: Hays Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed530	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed530	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed530	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed530	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed530	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed532	Liping City, China: Liping
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed533	Husavik, Iceland: Husavik Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed534	Hazleton, PA: Hazleton Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54a	Shenandoah, IA: Shenandoah Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54b	Webster City, IA: Webster City Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54c	Red Oak, IA: Red Oak Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54d	Wichita, KS: McConnell AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	Washington, DC: Washington Dulles International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	118.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	71.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	199.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	123.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	104.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	153.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	166.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	71.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	95.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	104.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	256.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	110.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	89.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	132.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54f	Niagara Falls, NY: Niagara Falls International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54f	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed54f	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	Houston, TX: George Bush Intercontinental/Houston
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	91.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	118.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	112.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	102.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	126.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	80.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	248.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	142.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	169.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	204.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	77.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	122.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	107.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	184.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	169.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	116.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	88.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	133.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	355.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	83.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	151.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	255.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	128.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	464.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	97.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	75.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	85.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	65.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	71.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	125.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	333.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	88.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	65.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	101.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	75.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	96.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	284.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	149.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	197.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	220.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	111.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	117.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	147.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	95.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	76.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	140.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	154.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	118.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	93.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	86.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	197.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	90.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	442.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	74.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	238.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	177.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	95.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	73.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	75.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	120.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	130.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	72.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	167.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	73.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	106.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	105.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed550	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed551	In Amenas, Algeria: In Amenas Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed552	Kiana, AK: Bob Baker Memorial
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed553	Yaroslavl, Russia: Yaroslavl Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed569	Iasi, Romania: Iasi International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed56a	Ibadan, Nigeria: Ibadan Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed56b	Ibague, Colombia: Perales
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed56c	Itambacuri, Brazil: Itambacuri Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed56d	Ibiza, Spain: Ibiza Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed56e	Cicia, Fiji: Cicia Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed56f	Nieuw Nickerie, Suriname: Nieuw
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed570	Seoul, South Korea: Incheon International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	Wichita, KS: Wichita Dwight D Eisenhower National
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	138.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	117.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	93.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	69.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	186.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	116.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	102.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	76.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	162.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed571	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed572	Icy Bay, AK: Icy Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed588	Idaho Falls, ID: Idaho Falls Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed588	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed588	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed588	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed588	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed588	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed588	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed588	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed588	103.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed588	94.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed588	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed588	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed588	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed588	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed588	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed588	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed588	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed588	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed588	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed589	Indiana, PA: Indiana County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed58a	Santa Isabel Do Morro, Brazil: Santa Isabel Do Morro Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed58b	Independence, KS: Independence Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed58c	Indore, India: Indore Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed58d	Baldonnel, Ireland: Casement
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed58e	Zielona Gora, Poland: Babimost
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed58f	Kiev, Ukraine: Zhuliany International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed590	Isafjordur, Iceland: Isafjordur Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed591	Innisfail, Australia: Innisfail Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed5a7	Isfahan, Iran: Shahid Beheshti International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed5a8	Ivano-Frankovska, Ukraine: Ivano - Frankovska International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed5aa	Inagua, The Bahamas: Inagua Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed5ab	Igiugig, AK: Igiugig Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed5ac	Ingham, Australia: Ingham Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed5ad	Izmir, Turkey: Cigli
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed5ae	Kingman, AZ: Kingman Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed5af	Iligan, Philippines: Maria Cristina
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed5b0	Chigorodo, Colombia: Chigorodo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed851	Iguazu, Argentina: Cataratas
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed853	Iguacu Falls, Brazil: Cataratas International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed854	Chapel Hill, NC: Horace Williams
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed855	Ihu, Papua New Guinea: Ihu Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed856	Rantoul, IL: Rantoul National Aviation Center
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed857	Chicago/Romeoville, IL: Lewis University
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed858	De Kalb, IL: De Kalb Taylor Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed859	Lincoln, IL: Logan County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed85a	Ijui, Brazil: Ijui Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed870	Jacksonville, IL: Jacksonville Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed871	Tehran, Iran: Imam Khomaini International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed872	Wilkesboro, NC: Wilkes County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed873	Iki, Japan: Iki Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed874	Kankakee, IL: Greater Kankakee
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed875	Nikolski, AK: Nikolski AS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed876	Irkutsk, Russia: Irkutsk Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed877	Ankeny, IA: Ankeny Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed878	Nevatim, Israel: Nevatim AB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed879	Killeen, TX: Skylark Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed88f	Wilmington, DE: New Castle
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed88f	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed88f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed890	Iliamna, AK: Iliamna Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed891	Willmar, MN: Willmar Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed892	Wilmington, NC: Wilmington International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed892	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed892	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed892	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed892	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed892	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed892	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed892	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed892	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed892	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed892	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed892	95.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed892	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed892	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed893	Wilmington, OH: Wilmington Air Park
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed894	Iloilo, Philippines: Iloilo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed895	Ile Des Pins, New Caledonia: Ile Des Pins Moue
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed896	Ilo, Peru: Ilo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed897	Ilorin, Nigeria: Ilorin Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed898	Islay, United Kingdom: Islay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8ae	Zilina, Slovakia: Zilina International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8af	Imphal, India: Imphal Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b0	Imperial, NE: Imperial Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b1	Immokalee, FL: Immokalee Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b2	Imperatriz, Brazil: Imperatriz Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b3	Iron Mountain/Kingsfd, MI: Ford
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b3	69.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b3	114.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b4	Auburn, IN: De Kalb County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b5	Indianapolis, IN: Indianapolis Executive
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b6	Yinchuan, China: Hedong
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	Indianapolis, IN: Indianapolis International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	69.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	86.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	173.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	109.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	137.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	132.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	74.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	147.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	194.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	109.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	144.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	262.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	72.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8b7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8cd	In Guezzam, Algeria: In Guezzam Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8ce	Lago Argentino, Argentina: Lago Argentino Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8cf	Inhambane, Mozambique: Inhambane Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8d0	International Falls, MN: Falls International Einarson Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8d0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8d0	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8d0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8d0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8d0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8d0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8d1	Innsbruck, Austria: Innsbruck Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8d2	Inongo, Congo (Kinshasa): Inongo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8d4	Indian Springs, NV: Creech AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8d5	Winston-Salem, NC: Smith Reynolds
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8d6	Nauru, Nauru: Nauru Island
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8ec	Inverness, United Kingdom: Inverness Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8ed	Winslow, AZ: Winslow-Lindbergh Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8ee	Ioannina, Greece: Ioannina Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8ef	Isle of Man, United Kingdom: Isle of Man Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8f0	Impfondo, Congo (Brazaville): Impfondo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8f1	Inishmore, Ireland: Inishmore Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8f2	Ilheus, Brazil: Bahia-Jorge Amado
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8f3	Ile Ouen, New Caledonia: Ile Ouen Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8f4	Iowa City, IA: Iowa City Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed8f5	Easter Island, Chile: Mataveri International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed90b	Ipil, Philippines: Ipil Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed90c	Ipoh, Malaysia: Ipoh Sultan Azlan Shah
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed90d	Ipiales, Colombia: San Luis
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed90e	El Centro, CA: Imperial County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed90f	Ipatinga, Brazil: Usiminas
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed910	Williamsport, PA: Williamsport Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed911	Al Taqaddum, Iraq: Al Taqaddum AB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed912	Al Asad, Iraq: Al Asad AB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed913	Iquique, Chile: Diego Aracena International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed914	Iquitos, Peru: Coronel Francisco Secada Vignetta International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed92a	Circle, AK: Circle City
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed92b	Ishurdi, Bangladesh: Ishurdi Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed92c	Iron Range, Australia: Iron Range Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed92d	Iringa, Tanzania: Iringa Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed92e	La Rioja, Argentina: Capitan Vicente A Almonacid
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed92f	Kirksville, MO: Kirksville Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed930	Birao, Central African Republic: Birao Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed931	Isiro, Congo (Kinshasa): Isiro Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed932	Sturgis, MI: Sturgis Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed933	Bayou La Batre, AL: Roy E. Ray
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed949	Mount Isa, Australia: Mount Isa Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed94a	Islamabad, Pakistan: Benazir Bhutto International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed94b	Scilly Isles, United Kingdom: Scilly Isles Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed94c	Ishigaki, Japan: Ishigaki Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed94d	Ischia, Italy: Ischia Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed94e	Isisford, Australia: Isisford Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed94f	Isla Mujeres, Mexico: Isla Mujeres Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed950	Isabel Pass, AK: Isabel Pass Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed951	Orlando, FL: Kissimmee Gateway
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed952	Williston, ND: Sloulin Field International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed952	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed952	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed952	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed952	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed952	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed952	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed952	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed952	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed952	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed952	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed952	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed952	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed952	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed952	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed952	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed952	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed952	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed952	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed952	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed952	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed952	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed952	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed952	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed952	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed952	89.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed968	Kinston, NC: Kinston Regional Jetport at Stallings Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed969	Islip, NY: Long Island MacArthur
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed969	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed969	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed969	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed969	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed969	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed969	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed969	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed969	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed969	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed969	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed969	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed969	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed969	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed969	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed969	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed969	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed969	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed969	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed969	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed969	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed969	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed969	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed969	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed969	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed969	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed969	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed969	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed969	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed969	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed969	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed969	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed969	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed969	72.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed969	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed969	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed969	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed969	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed969	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed969	240.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed969	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed969	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed969	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed96a	Manistique, MI: Schoolcraft County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed96b	Istres, France: Istres Le Tube
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed96c	Wiscasset, ME: Wiscasset Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed96d	Istanbul, Turkey: Ataturk
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed96e	Wisconsin Rapids, WI: Alexander Field South Wood County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ed96f	Ithaca/Cortland, NY: Ithaca Tompkins Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc12	Osaka, Japan: Osaka International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc13	Itabuna, Brazil: Itabuna Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	Hilo, HI: Hilo International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc14	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc15	Itaqui, Brazil: Itaqui Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc16	Niue Island, Niue: Niue International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc17	Inus, Papua New Guinea: Inus Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc18	Ambanja, Madagascar: Ambanja/Ambalavelona
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc19	Invercargill, New Zealand: Invercargill Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc1a	Berane, Montenegro: Berane Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc1b	Ivalo, Finland: Ivalo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc31	Inverell, Australia: Inverell Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc32	Ivanovo, Russia: Ivanovo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc33	Ironwood, MI: Gogebic-Iron County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc34	Iwami, Japan: Iwami Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc35	Iwoto, Japan: Iwoto Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc36	Houston, TX: West Houston
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc37	Agartala, India: Agartala Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc38	Bagdogra, India: Baghdogra
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc39	Chandigarh, India: Chandigarh Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc3a	Allahabad, India: Allahabad Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc50	Mangalore, India: Mangalore Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc51	Belgaum, India: Belgaum Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc52	Kailashahar, India: Kailashahar Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc53	Lilabari, India: North Lakhimpur/Lilabari
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc54	Jammu, India: Jammu Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc55	Keshod, India: Keshod Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc56	Leh, India: Leh Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc57	Madurai, India: Madurai Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc59	Kamalpur, India: Kamalpur Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc6f	Ranchi, India: Ranchi Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc70	Silchar, India: Silchar Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc71	Aurangabad, India: Aurangabad Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc72	Jamshedpur, India: Jamshedpur Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc73	Kandla, India: Kandla Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc74	Port Blair, India: Port Blair Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc75	Inyokern, CA: Inyokern Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc76	Izmir, Turkey: Izmir Metropolitan Area
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc77	Izumo, Japan: Izumo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc78	Ixtepec, Mexico: Ixtepec Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc8e	Jabiru, Australia: Jabiru Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc8f	Jackson, WY: Jackson Hole
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc8f	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc8f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc8f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc8f	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc8f	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc8f	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc8f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc8f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc8f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc8f	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc8f	80.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc8f	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc8f	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc8f	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc8f	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc8f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc8f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc8f	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc8f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc8f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc8f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc8f	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc8f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc8f	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc8f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc8f	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc8f	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc8f	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc8f	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc8f	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc8f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc8f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc8f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc8f	320.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc8f	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc8f	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc8f	107.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc8f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc8f	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc90	Jaffna, Sri Lanka: Kankesanturai
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc91	Jacobabad, Pakistan: Shahbaz AB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc92	Jaipur, India: Jaipur Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc93	Atlanta, GA: Perimeter Mall Helipad
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc94	Jacmel, Haiti: Jacmel Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc95	Jalapa, Mexico: El Lencero
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	Jackson/Vicksburg, MS: Jackson Medgar Wiley Evers International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	97.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	93.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	72.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc96	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edc97	Atlanta, GA: Beaver Ruin
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcad	Jakobshavn, Greenland: Ilulissat
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	Jacksonville, FL: Jacksonville International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	69.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	76.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	83.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	75.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	118.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	95.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	107.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	99.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	142.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcae	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcaf	Boston, MA: Boston City Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcb0	Oakland, CA: Berkeley Municipal Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcb1	Commerce, CA: Commerce Business Park Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcb2	Jonesboro, AR: Jonesboro Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcb3	Cannes, France: Croisette Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcb4	San Francisco, CA: China Basin Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcb5	Oakland, CA: Oakland Convention Center Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcb6	Christianshab, Greenland: Christianshab Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edccc	Olathe, KS: New Century Aircenter
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edccd	Julia Creek, Australia: Julia Creek Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcce	John Day, OR: Grant County Regional/Ogilvie Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edccf	Dallas/Fort Worth, TX: Downtown Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcd0	Juiz de Fora, Brazil: Juiz
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcd1	Seattle, WA: Edgewater Inn Helipad Sea Wash
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcd2	Jodhpur, India: Jodhpur Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcd3	Miami, FL: Miami Downtown Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcd4	Juazeiro Do Norte, Brazil: Regional de Cariri
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcd5	Minneapolis, MN: Minneapolis Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edceb	Houston, TX: Houston Central Business District Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edced	Jeddah, Saudi Arabia: King Abdulaziz International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcee	Jeremie, Haiti: Jeremie Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcef	Jefferson City, MO: Jefferson City Memorial
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf1	Jersey, United Kingdom: Jersey Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf2	Seattle, WA: Seattle 1st National.Bank Helipad
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	New York, NY: John F. Kennedy International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	93.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	113.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	171.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	109.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	170.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	156.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	146.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	91.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	178.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	191.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	157.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	81.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	65.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	108.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	122.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	93.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	65.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	83.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	141.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	71.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	133.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	99.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	72.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	149.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	90.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	88.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	90.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	77.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	71.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	395.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	112.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	132.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	147.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	109.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	88.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	84.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	152.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	77.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	111.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	143.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	156.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	82.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	74.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	82.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	130.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	143.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	134.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	95.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	156.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	105.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	203.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	107.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	204.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	168.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	191.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	65.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	87.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	126.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	145.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	95.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf3	78.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edcf4	Jefferson, OH: Northeast Ohio Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edd0b	Frederikshab, Greenland: Frederikshaab
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edd0c	Jamnagar, India: Jamnagar Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edd0d	Grand Canyon, AZ: Grand Canyon Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edd0e	Williamsburg, VA: Williamsburg-Jamestown
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edd0f	Atlanta, GA: Galleria
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edd10	Houston, TX: Greenway Plaza Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edd11	Houston, TX: Transco Tower Galleria Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edd13	Johor Bahru, Malaysia: Senai International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edd29	Garden City, NY: Island Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edd2a	Helsingborg, Sweden: Helsingborg Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edd2b	Kapalua, HI: Kapalua Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edd2c	Sisimiut, Greenland: Sisimiut Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edd2d	Jamestown, NY: Chautauqua County/Jamestown
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edd2e	Cambridge, MA: Cambridge Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edd2f	Djibouti, Djibouti: Djibouti Ambouli
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edd30	City of Industry, CA: Civic Financial Center Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edd31	Ikaria Island, Greece: Ikaria
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edd32	Jilin, China: Jilin Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edfd3	Jimma, Ethiopia: Aba Segud Negus Wolde Giorg
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edfd4	Jinja, Uganda: Jinja Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edfd5	Juanjui, Peru: Juanjui Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edfd6	Jonkoping, Sweden: Jonkoping Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edfd7	Chios, Greece: Chios Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edfd8	Kalymnos, Greece: Kalymnos Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edfd9	Janakpur, Nepal: Janakpur Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edfda	Jakarta, Indonesia: Jakarta Metropolitan Area
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edfdb	Jacksonville, TX: Cherokee County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edfdc	Cooper Lodge, AK: Quartz Creek
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edff3	Joplin, MO: Joplin Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edff3	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edff3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edff3	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edff3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edff3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edff3	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edff4	Jabalpur, India: Jabalpur Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edff5	Houston, TX: Astrodome
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edff6	Jamba, Angola: Jamba Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edff7	San Francisco, CA: Marin County Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edff8	Mikonos Island, Greece: Mikonos
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edff9	Malmo, Sweden: Harbour Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edffa	Mankato, MN: Downtown Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edffb	Jamestown, ND: Jamestown Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edffb	72.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edffb	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edffb	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edffb	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edffb	104.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47edffb	89.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee011	Johannesburg, South Africa: Oliver Reginald Tambo International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee012	Nanortalik, Greenland: Nanortalik Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee013	Newport Beach, CA: Newport Beach Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee014	Juneau, AK: Juneau International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee014	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee014	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee014	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee014	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee014	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee014	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee014	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee014	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee014	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee014	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee014	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee014	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee014	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee014	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee014	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee014	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee014	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee014	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee014	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee014	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee014	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee014	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee014	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee015	Safawi, Jordan: Prince Hasan
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee016	Azraq, Jordan: Al Shaheed Mwaffaq Salti Air Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee017	Azraq, Jordan: Azraq Highway Strip
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee018	Santa Ana, CA: Centerport Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee019	Joensuu, Finland: Joensuu Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee01a	Yogyakarta, Indonesia: Adisutjipto
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee030	Port St Johns, South Africa: Port St Johns Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee031	Joinville, Brazil: Joinville Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee033	Jolo, Philippines: Jolo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee034	Njombe, Tanzania: Njombe Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee035	Johnston Island, TT: Johnston Atoll
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee036	Orange, CA: Orange County Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee037	Jos, Nigeria: Yakubu Gowon
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee039	Okinawa, Japan: Futenma MCAS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee04f	Joao Pessoa, Brazil: Presidente Castro Pinto International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee050	New York, NY: Pan Am Building Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee051	Ji Parana, Brazil: Ji Parana Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee052	Houston, TX: Park Ten Helipad
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee053	Cabarrus, NC: Concord Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee054	New York, NY: West 30th Street Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee055	New York, NY: Downtown Manhattan/Wall Street Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee056	Rochester, MN: Appache Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee057	New York, NY: East 60th Street Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee058	Kapolei, HI: Kalaeloa
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee06e	Jorhat, India: Jorhat Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee06f	Kilimanjaro, Tanzania: Kilimanjaro International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee070	Jerusalem, Israel: Jerusalem Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee071	Ceiba, PR: Jose Aponte de la Torre
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee072	Juneau, AK: Juneau Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee073	Skiathos, Greece: Alexandros Papadiamantis
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee074	St. Cloud, MN: Crossroads Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee075	Sodertalje, Sweden: Sodertalje Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee076	Jessore, Bangladesh: Jessore Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee077	Johnstown, PA: John Murtha Johnstown-Cambria County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee08e	Syros Island, Greece: Dimitrios Vikelas
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee090	Santorini, Greece: Santorini Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee091	Juba, South Sudan: Juba Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee093	Jujuy, Argentina: Jujuy Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee094	Juliaca, Peru: Juliaca Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee095	Jumla, Nepal: Jumla Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee0ac	Upernavik, Greenland: Upernavik Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee0ad	Beloit/Janesville, WI: Southern Wisconsin Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee0af	Houston, TX: Westchase Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee0b0	Nashville, TN: John C Tune
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee0b2	Jackson, MI: Jackson County-Reynolds Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee0b3	Seattle, WA: Olympic Hotel Helipad Sea Wash
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee0b4	Jyvaskyla, Finland: Jyvaskyla Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee0b5	Newton, MS: James H Easom Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee0cb	Orange, MA: Orange Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee0cc	Stanley, ND: Stanley Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee0cd	Ganda, Angola: Ganda Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee0ce	Trading Bay, AK: Trading Bay Production
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee0d0	Chamberlain, SD: Chamberlain Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee0d1	Song Pan, China: Jui Zhai Huang Long
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee0d2	Portland, TN: Portland Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee0d3	Duluth, MN: Sky Harbor
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee0d4	Cloquet, MN: Cloquet Carlton County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee0ea	San Clemente Island, CA: San Clemente Island Nalf
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee0eb	Hog River, AK: Hog River Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee0ec	Quincy, WA: Quincy Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee0ed	American Falls, ID: American Falls Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee0ee	Prospect, OR: Prospect State
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee0ef	Brooksville, FL: Brooksville Tampa Bay Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee0f0	Laurel, MT: Laurel Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee0f2	Arlington, TX: Arlington Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee0f3	Bennington, VT: William H. Morse State
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee394	Little Rock, AR: North Little Rock Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee395	Evergreen, AL: Middleton Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee396	Angwin, CA: Angwin-Parrett Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee397	Grangeville, ID: Idaho County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee398	Taszar, Hungary: Taszar Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee399	Russellville, KY: Russellville-Logan County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee39a	Kasama, Zambia: Kasama Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee39b	Kariba, Zimbabwe: Kariba International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee39c	Kameshli, Syria: Kamishly
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee39d	Kaduna, Nigeria: Kaduna Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee3b3	Kake, AK: Kake Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee3b4	Kangnung, South Korea: Kangung
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee3b6	Kaieteur, Guyana: Kaieteur Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee3b7	Kajaani, Finland: Kajaani Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee3b8	Kaltag, AK: Kaltag Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee3b9	Kano, Nigeria: Kano Mallam Aminu Kano
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee3ba	Kuusamo, Finland: Kuusamo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee3bb	Kamarang, Guyana: Kamarang Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee3bc	Kaitaia, New Zealand: Kaitaia Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee3d2	Kawthaung, Burma: Kawthaung Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee3d3	Birch Creek, AK: Birch Creek Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee3d4	Bell Island, AK: Bell Island Hot Springs Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee3d5	Kabalega Falls, Uganda: Pakuba
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee3d6	Klag Bay, AK: Klag Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee3d7	Kabul, Afghanistan: Hamid Karzai International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee3d8	Kabalo, Congo (Kinshasa): Kabalo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee3d9	Kiev, Ukraine: Boryspil International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee3da	Kota Bharu, Malaysia: Sultan Ismail Petra
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee3db	Bo, Sierra Leone: Bo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee3f1	Krabi, Thailand: Krabi Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee3f2	Chignik, AK: Chignik Bay
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee3f3	Kuqa, China: Kuche
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee3f4	Coffman Cove, AK: Coffman Cove Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee3f5	Collinsville, Australia: Collinsville Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee3f6	Chignik Bay, AK: Chignik Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee3f7	Kuching, Malaysia: Kuching International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee3f8	Kansas City, KS: Fairfax Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee3f9	Chignik Lagoon, AK: Chignik Lagoon Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee3fa	Chernofski, AK: Chernofski Harbor
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee411	Chignik, AK: Chignik Lake
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee412	Colorado Creek, AK: Colorado Creek Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee414	Kochi, Japan: Kochi Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee415	Kandahar, Afghanistan: Kandahar Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee416	N Djole, Gabon: N Djole Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee417	Kodiak, AK: Kodiak Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee418	Kamphang Saen, Thailand: Kamphang Saen Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee419	Nanwalek, AK: Nanwalek Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee42f	Kaedi, Mauritania: Kaedi Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee430	Keflavik/Reykjavik, Iceland: Keflavik International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee431	Kenmore, WA: Kenmore Air Harbor
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee432	Ekwok, AK: Ekwok Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee433	Kiel, Germany: Kiel/Holtenau
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee434	Kemi, Finland: Kemi Tornio
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee435	Kenema, Sierra Leone: Kenema Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee436	Odienne, Cote d'Ivoire: Odienne IV Coast
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee437	Nepalganj, Nepal: Nepalgunj
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee438	Kerman, Iran: Kerman Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee44f	Key Largo, FL: Ocean Reef Club
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee450	Kiffa, Mauritania: Kiffa Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee451	False Pass, AK: False Pass Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee452	Kananga, Congo (Kinshasa): Kananga Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee453	Kingscote, Australia: Kingscote Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee454	Kaliningrad, Russia: Khrabrovo
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee455	Karaganda, Kazakhstan: Karaganda Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee456	Kedougou, Senegal: Kedougou Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee457	Kalgoorlie, Australia: Kalgoorlie Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee46d	Karonga, Malawi: Karonga Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee46e	Koliganek, AK: Koliganek Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee46f	Kigali, Rwanda: Kigali International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee471	Kos, Greece: Kos Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee472	Keningau, Malaysia: Keningau Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee473	Grayling, AK: Grayling Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee474	Glacier Creek, AK: Glacier Creek Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee476	Kherson, Ukraine: Kherson Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee48c	Kaohsiung, Taiwan: Kaohsiung International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee48d	Karachi, Pakistan: Jinnah International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee48e	Khark, Iran: Khark Island
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee48f	Khamti, Burma: Kanti
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee490	Nanchang, China: Changbei International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee491	Khabarovsk, Russia: Khabarovsk Novy
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee492	Ivanof Bay, AK: Ivanof Bay Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee493	Kristianstad, Sweden: Kristianstad Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee494	Bougainville Island, Papua New Guinea: Kieta
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee495	Kish Island, Iran: Kish Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee4ab	Niigata, Japan: Niigata Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee4ac	Kirkuk, Iraq: Kirkuk Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee4ad	Kimberley, South Africa: Kimberley Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee4ae	Kingston, Jamaica: Norman Manley International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee4af	Kerry County, Ireland: Kerry
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee4b0	Kisumu, Kenya: Kisumu Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee4b1	Kithira, Greece: Alexandros Aristotelous Onassis
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee4b2	Kishinev, Moldova: Chisinau International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee4b3	Kitwe, Zambia: Kitwe/Nkana
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee4b4	Osaka, Japan: Kansai International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee755	Kilwa, Tanzania: Kilwa Masoko
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee756	Krasnojarsk, Russia: Yemelyanovo
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee757	Kortrijk, Belgium: Wevelgem
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee758	Taichung, Taiwan: Ching Chuan Kang AB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee759	Koyuk, AK: Koyuk Alfred Adams
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee75a	Kitoi Bay, AK: Kitoi Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee75b	Khon Kaen, Thailand: Khon Kaen Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee75c	Kerikeri, New Zealand: Kerikeri Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee75d	Kongiganak, AK: Kongiganak Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee75e	Akiachak, AK: Akiachak Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee774	Kitakyushu, Japan: Kitakyushu Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee775	Kalakaket, AK: Kalakaket Creek AS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee776	Karluk Lake, AK: Karluk Lake Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee777	Kirkenes, Norway: Hoybuktmoen
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee778	Kaikohe, New Zealand: Kaikohe Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee77a	Ekuk, AK: Ekuk Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee77b	Kikwit, Congo (Kinshasa): Kikwit Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee77c	Kalabo, Zambia: Kalabo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee77d	Kalskag, AK: Kalskag Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee793	Levelock, AK: Levelock Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee794	Larsen Bay, AK: Larsen Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee795	Kalibo, Philippines: Kalibo International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee796	Kelp Bay, AK: Kelp Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee797	Kalmar, Sweden: Kalmar Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee798	Kelso, WA: Southwest Washington Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee799	Klagenfurt, Austria: Klagenfurt Worthersee International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee79a	Karlovy Vary, Czech Republic: Karlovy Vary Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee79b	Klawock, AK: Klawock Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee79c	Kalamata, Greece: Kalamata Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7b2	Kerema, Papua New Guinea: Kerema Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7b3	King Khalid Military City, Saudi Arabia: King Saud AB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7b4	Kamina, Papua New Guinea: Kamina Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7b5	Kunming, China: Wujiaba
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7b6	Miyazaki, Japan: Miyazaki Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7b7	Kumamoto, Japan: Kumamoto Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7b8	Kamina, Congo (Kinshasa): Kamina Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7b9	Manokotak, AK: Manokatak Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7ba	Keetmanshoop, Namibia: Keetmanshoop Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7bb	Komatsu, Japan: Komatsu Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7d1	Kumasi, Ghana: Kumasi Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7d2	Kisimayu, Somalia: Kisimayu Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7d3	Khamis Mushait, Saudi Arabia: Khamis Mushait Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7d4	Moser Bay, AK: Moser Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7d5	Kaoma, Zambia: Kaoma Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7d6	Kanab, UT: Kanab Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7d7	Kindu, Congo (Kinshasa): Kindu Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7d9	Kokhanok, AK: Kokhanok Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7da	Kankan, Guinea: Kankan Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f1	Capanda, Angola: Capanda Dam
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f2	King Island, Australia: King Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f3	Kennett, MO: Kennett Memorial
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f4	Kanpur, India: Kanpur/Chakeri
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f5	New Stuyahok, AK: New Stuyahok Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f6	Kununurra, Australia: Kununurra Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f7	Kenieba, Mali: Kenieba Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	Kona, HI: Kona International Airport at Keahole
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	148.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	90.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee7f8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee80f	Kupang, Indonesia: El Tari
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee810	Koolatah, Australia: Koolatah Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee811	Kirkwall, United Kingdom: Kirkwall Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee812	Kagoshima, Japan: Kagoshima Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee813	Kokkola/Pietarsaari, Finland: Kokkola Pietarsaari
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee814	Kontum, Vietnam: Kontum Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee815	Nakhon Phanom, Thailand: Nakhon Phanom Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee816	Kokoro, Papua New Guinea: Kokoro Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee817	Kompongsom, Cambodia: Kompongsom Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee818	Kotlik, AK: Kotlik Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee82e	Ganzhou, China: Ganzhou Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee82f	Olga Bay, AK: Olga Bay Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee830	Ouzinkie, AK: Ouzinkie Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee831	Point Baker, AK: Point Baker Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee832	Port Clarence, AK: Port Clarence CGS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee833	Pauloff Harbor, AK: Pauloff Harbor Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee834	Kapit, Malaysia: Kapit Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee835	Parks, AK: Parks Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee836	Napamute, AK: Napamute Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee837	Kipnuk, AK: Kipnuk Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee84d	Pohang, South Korea: Pohang Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee84e	Kalpowar, Australia: Kalpower
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee84f	Port Williams, AK: Port Williams Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee850	Kempsey, Australia: Kempsey Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee851	Perryville, AK: Perryville Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee852	Port Bailey, AK: Port Bailey Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee853	Akutan, AK: Akutan Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee854	Karumba, Australia: Karumba Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee855	Kramfors, Sweden: Kramfors Solleftea
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee856	Krakow, Poland: John Paul II - Balice
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee86c	Kasitsna Bay, AK: Kasitsna
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee86d	Kiruna, Sweden: Kiruna Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee86e	Karup, Denmark: Karup Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee86f	Krasnodar, Russia: Krasnodar Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee870	Kristiansand, Norway: Kjevik
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee871	Khartoum, Sudan: Khartoum Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee872	Burlington, KS: Coffey County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee874	Kosrae, Federated States of Micronesia: Kosrae Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47ee875	Kosice, Slovakia: Kosice International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb16	Karlstad, Sweden: Karlstad Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb17	Kasese, Uganda: Kasese Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb18	Kassel, Germany: Kassel Calden
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb19	Kermanshah, Iran: Shahid Ashrafi Esfahani
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb1a	Kissidougou, Guinea: Kissidougou Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb1b	Karshi, Uzbekistan: Karshi South
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb1c	Kassala, Sudan: Kassala Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb1d	St. Mary's, AK: St. Mary's Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb1f	Kastoria, Greece: Kastoria Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb35	Kosipe, Papua New Guinea: Kosipe Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb36	Karshi, Uzbekistan: Karshi Khanabad
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb37	Sandy River, AK: Federal No.1
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb38	Kristiansund, Norway: Kvernberget
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb39	Karratha, Australia: Karratha Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb3a	Thorne Bay, AK: Thorne Bay Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb3c	Kitale, Kenya: Kitale Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb3d	Kathmandu, Nepal: Tribhuvan International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb3e	Ketchikan, AK: Ketchikan International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb3e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb3e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb3e	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb3e	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb3e	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb3e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb3e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb3e	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb3e	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb3e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb3e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb3e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb3e	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb3e	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb3e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb3e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb3e	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb3e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb3e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb3e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb3e	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb3e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb3e	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb3e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb3e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb3e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb54	Kingston, Jamaica: Tinson Pen
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb55	Katherine, Australia: Katherine Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb56	Brevig Mission, AK: Brevig Mission Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb57	Kittila, Finland: Kittila Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb58	Katowice, Poland: Pyrzowice
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb5a	Kuantan, Malaysia: Kuantan Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb5b	Kudat, Malaysia: Kudat Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb5c	Samara, Russia: Kurumoch
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb5d	Kushiro, Japan: Kushiro Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb73	Kawau Island, New Zealand: Kawau Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb74	Kasigluk, AK: Kasigluk Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb75	Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia: Kuala Lumpur International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb76	Yakushima, Japan: Yakushima Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb77	Kaunas, Lithuania: Kaunas International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb78	Kuopio, Finland: Kuopio Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb79	Gunsan, South Korea: Kunsan AB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb7a	Kugururok River, AK: Kugururok River Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb7b	Kamusi, Papua New Guinea: Kamusi Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb92	Kavala, Greece: Megas Alexandros International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb93	King Cove, AK: King Cove Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb95	Kavieng, Papua New Guinea: Kavieng Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb96	Kivalina, AK: Kivalina Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb97	Kwajalein, Marshall Islands: Bucholz AAF
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb98	Guiyang, China: Longdongbao
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb99	Waterfall, AK: Waterfall Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeb9b	Kuwait, Kuwait: Kuwait International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eebb1	Gwangju, South Korea: Gwangju Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eebb2	Kwigillingok, AK: Kwigillingok Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eebb3	Guilin, China: Liangjiang
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eebb4	Quinhagak, AK: Quinhagak Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eebb5	West Point, AK: West Point Village
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eebb6	Kwethluk, AK: Kwethluk Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eebb7	Kolwezi, Congo (Kinshasa): Kolwezi Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eebb8	Kasaan, AK: Kasaan Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eebb9	Komsomolsk-na-Amure, Russia: Komsomolsk South
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eebba	Danville, KY: Stuart Powell Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eebd0	Sturgis, KY: Sturgis Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eebd1	Mount Sterling, KY: Mount Sterling - Montgomery County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eebd2	Henderson, KY: Henderson City - County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eebd3	Madisonville, KY: Madisonville Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eebd4	Konya, Turkey: Konya Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eebd5	Yankee Creek, AK: Yankee Creek 2
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eebd6	Karluk, AK: Karluk Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eebd7	Kayes, Mali: Kayes Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eebd8	Koyukuk, AK: Koyukuk Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eebd9	Zachar Bay, AK: Zachar Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eebef	Kizhuyak, AK: Kizhuyak Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eebf0	Kozani, Greece: Filippos
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eebf1	Kazan, Russia: Kazan Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eebf2	Lamar, CO: Lamar Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eebf3	Lab Lab, Papua New Guinea: Lab Lab Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eebf4	Pulau Layang-Layang, Malaysia: Pulau Layang-Layang Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eebf5	Luanda, Angola: Luanda 4 de Fevereiro
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eebf6	Lae, Papua New Guinea: Nadzab
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eebf7	Lafayette, IN: Purdue University
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eebf8	Lannion, France: Lannion Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec0e	Lages, Brazil: Lages Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec0f	Aklavik, Canada: Aklavik Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec10	Lakeland, FL: Lakeland Linder Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec11	Los Alamos, NM: Los Alamos Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec12	Lansing, MI: Capital Region International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec12	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec12	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec12	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec12	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec12	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec12	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec12	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec12	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec12	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec12	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec12	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec12	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec12	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec12	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec12	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec12	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec13	Laoag, Philippines: Laoag International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec14	La Paz, Mexico: General Manuel Marquez de Leon International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec15	Beida, Libya: El Beida
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec16	Laramie, WY: Laramie Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec16	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec16	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec16	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec16	161.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec16	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec16	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec16	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	Las Vegas, NV: McCarran International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	69.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	251.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	80.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	98.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	94.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	96.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	188.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	155.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	178.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	132.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	78.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	84.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	144.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	113.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	113.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	134.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	147.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	82.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	107.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	122.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	75.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	72.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	99.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	80.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	87.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	74.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	227.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	147.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	75.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	108.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	135.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	98.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	153.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	210.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	116.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	101.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	193.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	84.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	126.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	105.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	89.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	149.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	197.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	113.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	84.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	119.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	103.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	105.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	167.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec17	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2d	Lamu, Kenya: Lamu Manda
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2e	Lawton/Fort Sill, OK: Lawton-Fort Sill Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2e	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2e	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2e	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2e	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2e	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	Los Angeles, CA: Los Angeles International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	78.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	80.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	77.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	77.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	88.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	65.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	93.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	146.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	86.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	97.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	97.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	93.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	181.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	131.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	82.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	157.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	173.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	130.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	88.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	65.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	90.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	128.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	82.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	82.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	97.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	141.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	217.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	298.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	83.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	246.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	300.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	116.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	75.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	78.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	125.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	188.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	169.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	74.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	95.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	106.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	88.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	195.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	85.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	154.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	103.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	184.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	72.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	169.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	462.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	87.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	123.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	144.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	158.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	186.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	73.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	91.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	176.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	74.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	320.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	149.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	93.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	65.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	110.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	102.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	76.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	242.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	218.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	98.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	111.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	74.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	185.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	162.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	134.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	75.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	82.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	182.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec30	Ladysmith, South Africa: Ladysmith Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec31	Bom Jesus Da Lapa, Brazil: Bom Jesus Da Lapa Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec32	Leeds/Bradford, United Kingdom: Leeds Bradford
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	Lubbock, TX: Lubbock Preston Smith International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	81.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	80.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	77.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec33	76.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec34	Luebeck, Germany: Lubeck Blankensee
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec35	Latrobe, PA: Arnold Palmer Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec35	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec35	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec35	94.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec35	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec35	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec35	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec35	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec35	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec35	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eec36	North Platte, NE: North Platte Regional Airport Lee Bird Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeed7	Paris, France: Paris Le Bourget
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeed8	Albi, France: Albi Le Sequestre
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeed9	Liberal, KS: Liberal Mid-America Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeeda	Long Banga, Malaysia: Long Banga Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeedb	Lambarene, Gabon: Lambarene Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeedc	Labasa, Fiji: Labasa Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeedd	Lumberton, NC: Lumberton Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeede	Labuan, Malaysia: Labuan Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeedf	Libreville, Gabon: Libreville Leon M'Ba
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeee0	Lubang, Philippines: Lubang Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeef6	La Baule, France: Saint Nazaire/Montoir
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeef7	Larnaca, Cyprus: Larnaca Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeef8	Lecce, Italy: Lecce Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeef9	La Ceiba, Honduras: Goloson International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeefa	A Coruna, Spain: A Coruna Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeefb	Lake Charles, LA: Lake Charles Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeefb	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeefb	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeefb	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeefb	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeefb	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeefb	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeefb	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeefb	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeefb	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeefb	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeefb	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeefb	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeefb	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeefb	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeefb	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeefc	Laconia, NH: Laconia Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeefd	Columbus, OH: Rickenbacker International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeefe	La Cumbre, Argentina: La Cumbre Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeeff	Las Canas, Costa Rica: Las Canas Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef15	London, United Kingdom: London City
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef16	Londrina, Brazil: Governador Jose Richa
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef17	Tarbes/Lourdes/Pyrenees, France: Tarbes-Lourdes-Pyrenees
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef18	Lord Howe Island, Australia: Lord Howe Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef19	Lindi, Tanzania: Lindi Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef1a	Linden, NJ: Linden Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef1b	Lidkoping, Sweden: Lidkoping Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef1c	Ludington, MI: Mason County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef1d	Lahad Datu, Malaysia: Lahad Datu Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef1e	Landivisiau, France: Landivisiau Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef34	Londonderry, United Kingdom: Londonderry Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef35	Learmonth, Australia: Learmonth Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef36	Lebanon-Hanover, NH: Lebanon Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef37	St. Petersburg, Russia: Pulkovo
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef38	Leesburg, FL: Leesburg International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef39	Aleg, Mauritania: Aleg Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef3a	Le Havre, France: Le Havre Octeville
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef3b	Almeria, Spain: Almeria Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef3c	Leipzig, Germany: Leipzig Halle
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef3d	Labe, Guinea: Labe Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef54	Leconi, Gabon: Leconi Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef55	Leticia, Colombia: Alfredo Vasquez Cobo
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef56	Bureta, Fiji: Bureta Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef57	Lewiston/Auburn, ME: Auburn Lewiston Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef58	Lexington, KY: Blue Grass
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef58	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef58	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef58	136.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef58	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef58	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef58	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef58	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef58	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef58	125.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef58	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef58	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef58	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef58	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef58	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef58	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef58	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef58	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef58	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef58	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef58	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef58	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef58	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef58	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef58	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef58	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef58	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef58	114.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef58	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef58	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef58	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef58	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef58	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef58	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef58	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef58	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef58	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef58	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef58	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef58	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef58	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef58	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef58	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef58	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef58	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef58	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef58	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef58	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef5a	Newport News/Hampton, VA: Langley AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef5b	Lufkin, TX: Angelina County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef5c	Kelafo, Ethiopia: Kelafo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef72	La Fria, Venezuela: La Fria Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	Lafayette, LA: Lafayette Regional Paul Fournet Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	92.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef73	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef74	Lome, Togo: Gnassingbe Eyadema International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	New York, NY: LaGuardia
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	100.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	134.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	151.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	147.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	143.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	147.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	108.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	130.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	95.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	149.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	270.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	232.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	78.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	69.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	130.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	139.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	205.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	220.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	133.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	230.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	96.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	69.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	149.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	80.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	113.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	135.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	90.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	69.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	143.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	139.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	73.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	119.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	138.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	223.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	109.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	80.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	83.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	84.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	99.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	124.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	81.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	99.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	65.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	331.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	82.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	107.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	95.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	87.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	93.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	109.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	74.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	99.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	85.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	159.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	153.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	109.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	166.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	147.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	101.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	78.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	117.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	103.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	103.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	76.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	91.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	92.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	113.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	74.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	155.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	71.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef75	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	Long Beach, CA: Long Beach Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	120.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	121.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	91.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	102.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef76	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef77	LaGrange, GA: LaGrange-Callaway
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef78	La Grande, OR: La Grande/Union County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef79	Liege, Belgium: Liege Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef7a	Leigh Creek, Australia: Leigh Creek Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef7b	Deadman's Cay, The Bahamas: Deadman's Cay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef91	Langkawi, Malaysia: Langkawi International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef92	Longmont, CO: Longmont Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef93	Legazpi, Philippines: Legazpi Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef94	Lago Agrio, Ecuador: Lago Agrio Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef95	Malargue, Argentina: Malargue Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef96	Logan, UT: Logan Cache
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef97	London, United Kingdom: London Gatwick
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef98	Lahr, Germany: Lahr Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef99	Lost Harbor, AK: Lost Harbor Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eef9a	Lahore, Pakistan: Allama Iqbal International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefb0	Lightning Ridge, Australia: Lightning Ridge Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefb1	Lancaster, OH: Fairfield County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefb2	London, United Kingdom: London Heathrow
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefb3	Lake Havasu City, AZ: Lake Havasu City Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefb4	Lock Haven, PA: William T. Piper Memorial
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefb5	Lanzhou, China: Zhongchuan
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefb6	La Junta, CO: La Junta Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefb7	Liangping, China: Liangping Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefb8	Limbunya, Australia: Limbunya Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefb9	Limon, CO: Limon Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefcf	Libenge, Congo (Kinshasa): Libenge Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd0	Limoges, France: Limoges Bellegarde
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	Lihue, HI: Lihue Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	195.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	72.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	189.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd1	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd2	Long Island, AK: Long Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd3	Likiep Island, Marshall Islands: Likiep Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd4	Lille, France: Lille Lesquin
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd5	Lima, Peru: Jorge Chavez International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd6	Milan, Italy: Milano Linate
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd7	Limon, Costa Rica: Puerto Limon
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefd8	Lisala, Congo (Kinshasa): Lisala Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefee	Liberia, Costa Rica: Daniel Oduber International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eefef	Lisbon, Portugal: Lisboa
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	Little Rock, AR: Bill and Hillary Clinton Nat Adams Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	125.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	114.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	134.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	101.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	116.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	91.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	138.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	205.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff0	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff1	Livengood, AK: Livengood Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff2	Loikaw, Burma: Loikaw Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff3	Hinesville, GA: Wright AAF/Midcoast Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff4	Limestone, ME: Loring International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff5	Lodja, Congo (Kinshasa): Lodja Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff6	Lijiang, China: Sanyi
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47eeff7	Lake Jackson, TX: Brazoria County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f416d	Ljubljana, Slovenia: Ljubljana Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f416e	Lebanon, MO: Floyd W Jones Lebanon
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f416f	Seattle, WA: Lake Union Terminal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4170	Kulik Lake, AK: Kulik Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4171	Lakselv, Norway: Banak
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4172	Nekempte, Ethiopia: Nekempte Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4173	Leknes, Norway: Leknes Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4174	Lucknow, India: Lucknow Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4175	Lake Placid, NY: Lake Placid Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4176	Lakeview, OR: Lake County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f418c	Lakenheath, United Kingdom: RAF Lakenheath
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f418d	Lulea, Sweden: Kallax
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f418e	Lalibella, Ethiopia: Lalibella Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f418f	Lilongwe, Malawi: Kamuzu International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4191	Mount Holly, NJ: South Jersey Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4192	Lake Minchumina, AK: Lake Minchumina Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4193	Lumi, Papua New Guinea: Lumi Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4194	Los Mochis, Mexico: Valle del Fuerte International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4195	Limbang, Malaysia: Limbang Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41ab	Lossiemouth, United Kingdom: RAF Lossiemouth
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41ac	Lampedusa, Italy: Lampedusa Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41ad	Marsa Brega, Libya: Marsa Brega S21
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41ae	Louisville, MS: Louisville Winston County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41af	Klamath Falls, OR: Klamath Falls Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41b1	Lander, WY: Hunt Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41b2	Lonorore, Vanuatu: Lonorore Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41b3	Lonely, AK: Lonely AS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41b4	Lincoln, NE: Lincoln Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41b4	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41b4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41b4	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41b4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41b4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41b4	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41b4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41b4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41b4	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41b4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41b4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41b4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41b4	107.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41b4	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41b4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41b4	123.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41b4	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41b4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41b4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41b4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41ca	Land O' Lakes, WI: Kings Land O' Lakes
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41cb	Wise, VA: Lonesome Pine
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41cc	Lancaster, PA: Lancaster Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41cd	Lanett, AL: Lanett Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41ce	Lanai, HI: Lanai Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41cf	Linz, Austria: Linz International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41d0	Lorraine, Australia: Lorraine Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41d1	Loja, Ecuador: Cuidad de Catamayo
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41d2	Laredo, TX: Laredo Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41d3	Lovelock, NV: Derby Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41e9	Lagos de Moreno, Mexico: Francisco P.V.Yr
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41ea	London, United Kingdom: London Metropolitan Area
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41eb	Lobatse, Botswana: Lobatse Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41ec	Lagos, Nigeria: Murtala Muhammed
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41ed	Louisville, KY: Bowman Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41ee	Monclova, Mexico: Monclova International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41ef	London/Corbin, KY: London-Corbin Airport-Magee Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41f0	Las Palmas, Spain: Gran Canaria
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41f1	La Paz, Bolivia: El Alto International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f41f2	Lompoc, CA: Lompoc Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4208	Linkoping, Sweden: Saab
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4209	Liverpool, United Kingdom: Liverpool Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f420a	La Porte, IN: La Porte Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f420b	Lappeenranta, Finland: Lappeenranta Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f420c	Luang Phabang, Laos: Luang Phabang International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f420d	Lopez Island, WA: Lopez Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f420e	Lampang, Thailand: Lampang Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f420f	Little Port Walter, AK: Little Port Walter Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4210	Pickens, SC: Pickens County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4211	Larissa, Greece: Larissa Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4227	Laarbruch, Germany: RAF Laarbruch
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4228	Laredo, TX: Laredo International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4228	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4228	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4228	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4228	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4228	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4228	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4228	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4228	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4228	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4228	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4228	172.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4228	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4228	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4228	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4228	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4228	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4228	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4228	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4229	Longreach, Australia: Longreach Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f422a	Jacksonville, AR: Little Rock AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f422b	Loring, AK: Loring Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f422c	La Rochelle, France: La Rochelle/Laleu
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f422d	Lorica, Colombia: Lorica Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f422e	Niamtougou, Togo: Niamtougou International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f422f	La Romana, Dominican Republic: Casa de Campo International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4230	Moses Lake, WA: Larson AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4246	Lathrop, CA: Sharpe AFF
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4247	Lorient, France: Lorient Lann Bihoue
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4248	Las Cruces, NM: Las Cruces International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4249	Losuia, Papua New Guinea: Kiriwina
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f424a	La Serena, Chile: La Florida
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f424b	Lexington, KY: Blue Grass Station AHP
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f424c	La Crosse, WI: La Crosse Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f424c	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f424c	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f424c	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f424c	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f424c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f424c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f424c	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f424c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f424c	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f424c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f424c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f424c	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f424d	Columbus, GA: Lawson AAF
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f424e	Lerwick, United Kingdom: Sumburgh
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f424f	Los Chiles, Costa Rica: Los Chiles Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4265	Los Banos, CA: Los Banos Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4266	Las Piedras, Venezuela: Josefa Camejo
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4267	Los Angeles, Chile: Maria Dolores
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4268	Lost River, AK: Lost River 1
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4269	Les Saintes, Guadeloupe: Terre de Haut
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f426a	Launceston, Australia: Launceston Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f426b	Long Sukang, Malaysia: Long Sukang Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f426c	Las Vegas, NV: Nellis AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f426d	Lhok Sukon, Indonesia: Lhok Sukon Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f426e	Tzaneen, South Africa: Letaba
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4284	Latrobe, Australia: Latrobe Valley
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4285	Ghadames, Libya: Ghadames Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4286	Altai, Mongolia: Altai Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4287	Lethem, Guyana: Lethem Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4288	London, United Kingdom: London Luton
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4289	Loreto, Mexico: Loreto International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f428a	Le Touquet, France: Le Touquet Cote D Opale
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f428b	Altus, OK: Altus AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f428c	Lotusvale, Australia: Lotusvale Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f428d	Lukla, Nepal: Lukla Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f452e	Luderitz, Namibia: Luderitz Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f452f	Lucenec, Slovakia: Lucenec Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4530	Phoenix, AZ: Luke AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4531	Lugano, Switzerland: Lugano Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4532	Lusikisiki, South Africa: Lusikisiki Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4533	Cincinnati, OH: Cincinnati Municipal Lunken Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4534	Laurel, MS: Hesler-Noble Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4536	Lusaka, Zambia: Kenneth Kaunda International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4537	Kalaupapa, HI: Kalaupapa Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f454d	San Luis, Argentina: San Luis Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f454e	Cape Lisburne, AK: Cape Lisburne LRRS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f454f	Laura Station, Australia: Laura Station Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4550	Luxembourg, Luxembourg: Luxembourg Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4551	Livramento, Brazil: Livramento Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4552	Lime Village, AK: Lime Village Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4553	Livingstone, Zambia: Harry Mwanga Nkumbula
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4554	Livermore, CA: Livermore Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4555	Livingston, MT: Livingston Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4556	Laverton, Australia: Laverton Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f456c	Las Vegas, NM: Las Vegas Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f456d	Lewisburg, WV: Greenbrier Valley
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f456e	Lawrence, KS: Lawrence Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f456f	Lawrenceburg, TN: Lawrenceburg-Lawrence County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4570	Wells, NV: Wells Municipal/Harriet Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4571	Lawrence, MA: Lawrence Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4572	Lviv, Ukraine: Lviv International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4573	Lewiston, ID: Lewiston Nez Perce County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4573	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4573	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4573	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4573	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4573	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4574	Lewistown, MT: Lewistown Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4575	Lawrenceville, IL: Lawrenceville-Vincennes International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f458b	Lawas, Malaysia: Lawas Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f458c	Lhasa, China: Gonggar
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f458d	Lexington, NE: Jim Kelly Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f458e	Luxor, Egypt: Luxor International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f458f	Lemnos, Greece: Lemnos Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4590	Leadville, CO: Lake County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4591	Little Cayman, Cayman Islands: Edward Bodden
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4592	Lycksele, Sweden: Lycksele Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4593	Lyneham, United Kingdom: RAF Lyneham
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4594	Lynchburg, VA: Lynchburg Regional/Preston Glenn Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45aa	Lyon, France: Lyon Bron
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45ab	Faisalabad, Pakistan: Faisalabad International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45ac	Longyearbyen, Norway: Svalbard
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45ad	Lyon, France: Lyon Saint Exupery
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45ae	Ely, MN: Ely Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45af	Lydd, United Kingdom: London Ashford
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45b0	Lazaro Cardenas, Mexico: Lazaro Cardenas Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45b1	Liuzhou, China: Liuzhou South
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45b3	Luzhou, China: Luzhou Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45c9	Lizard Island, Australia: Lizard Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45ca	Lawrenceville, GA: Gwinnett County - Briscoe Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45cb	Edgartown, MA: Katama Airpark
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45cc	Chennai, India: Chennai International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45cd	Maraba, Brazil: Joao Correa Da Rocha
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45ce	Macon, GA: Macon Downtown
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45cf	Madrid, Spain: Adolfo Suarez Madrid Barajas
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d0	Madera, CA: Madera Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	Midland/Odessa, TX: Midland International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	76.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	153.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d1	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45d2	Madang, Papua New Guinea: Madang Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45e8	Mahon, Spain: Menorca
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45e9	Mangochi, Malawi: Mangochi Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45ea	Majuro, Marshall Islands: Marshall Islands International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45eb	Malakal, South Sudan: Malakal Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45ec	Matamoros, Mexico: General Servando Canales International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45ed	Manchester, United Kingdom: Manchester Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45ee	Manaus, Brazil: Eduardo Gomes International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45ef	Mamai, Papua New Guinea: Mamai Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f45f1	Maracaibo, Venezuela: La Chinita International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4607	Manus Island, Papua New Guinea: Momote
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4608	Matadi, Congo (Kinshasa): Matadi Tshimpi
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4609	Maupiti, French Polynesia: Maupiti Fr. Polynesia
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f460a	Malden, MO: Malden Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f460b	Matam, Senegal: Matam Ouro Sogui
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f460c	Mangrove Cay, The Bahamas: Clarence A Bain
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f460d	Mayaguez, PR: Eugenio Maria de Hostos
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f460e	Mombasa, Kenya: Mombasa Moi International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f460f	Maryborough, Australia: Maryborough Qld
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4610	Mbeya, Tanzania: Mbeya Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4626	Montego Bay, Jamaica: Sangster International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4627	Matupa, Brazil: Matupa Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4628	Manistee/Ludington, MI: Manistee County-Blacker
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4629	Mamburao, Philippines: Mamburao Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f462a	Saginaw/Bay City/Midland, MI: MBS International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f462a	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f462a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f462a	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f462a	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f462a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f462a	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f462a	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f462a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f462a	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f462a	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f462a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f462a	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f462a	81.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f462a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f462a	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f462a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f462b	Masbate, Philippines: Masbate Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f462c	Mbambanakira, Solomon Islands: Mbambanakira Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f462d	Maribor, Slovenia: Maribor Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f462e	Moberley, MO: Omar N Bradley
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f462f	Maues, Brazil: Maues Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4645	Macenta, Guinea: Macenta Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4646	McComb, MS: McComb/Pike County/John E. Lewis Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4647	Sacramento, CA: McClellan Airfield
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4648	Mackinac Island, MI: Mackinac Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4649	Merced, CA: Merced Regional/Macready Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464a	Tampa, FL: Macdill AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464b	McGrath, AK: McGrath Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464c	Machala, Ecuador: General Manuel Serrano
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	Kansas City, MO: Kansas City International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	236.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	136.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	86.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	88.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	181.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	71.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	165.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	115.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	92.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	107.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	95.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	112.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	226.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464d	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f464e	Maicao, Colombia: Maicao Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48ef	McCook, NE: McCook Ben Nelson Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f0	McKinley Park, AK: Denali
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f1	Monte Carlo, Monaco: Monaco Heloport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f2	Macon, GA: Middle Georgia Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	Orlando, FL: Orlando International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	96.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	242.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	85.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	95.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	65.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	86.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	102.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	91.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	173.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	86.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	146.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	75.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	306.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	99.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	303.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	236.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	82.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	82.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	165.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	196.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	189.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	148.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	88.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	121.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	105.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	139.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	101.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	89.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	129.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	83.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	149.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	107.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	65.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	218.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	77.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	84.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	77.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	263.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f4	Macapa, Brazil: Alberto Alcolumbre
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f5	Melchor de Mencos, Guatemala: Melchor de Mencos Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f6	Monte Caseros, Argentina: Monte Caseros Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f7	Muscat, Oman: Muscat International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f48f8	Montlucon, France: Gueret/Lepaud
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f490e	McArthur River, Australia: McArthur River Mine
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f490f	Mason City, IA: Mason City Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4910	Maroochydore, Australia: Sunshine Coast
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4911	Maceio, Brazil: Zumbi Dos Palmares
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4912	San Antonio, TX: Martindale AHP
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4913	Melinda, Belize: Melinda Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4914	Menado, Indonesia: Sam Ratulangi
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4915	Midland/Odessa, TX: Midland Airpark
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4916	Medellin, Colombia: Jose Maria Cordova
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4917	Medford, WI: Taylor County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f492d	Mudanjiang, China: Hailang
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f492e	Carbondale, IL: Southern Illinois
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f492f	Makurdi, Nigeria: Makurdi Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4930	Madras, OR: Madras Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4931	Mbandaka, Congo (Kinshasa): Mbandaka Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4932	Mandalay, Burma: Mandalay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4933	Middleton Island, AK: Middleton Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4934	Mar del Plata, Argentina: Mar del Plata Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4935	Medfra, AK: Medfra Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4936	Middle Caicos, Turks and Caicos Islands: Conch Bar
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494c	Harrisburg, PA: Harrisburg International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494c	124.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494c	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494c	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494c	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494c	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494c	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494c	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494c	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494c	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494c	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494c	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494c	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494c	91.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494c	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494c	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494d	Mendi, Papua New Guinea: Mendi Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	Chicago, IL: Chicago Midway International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	76.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	206.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	74.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	72.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	69.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	85.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	101.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	88.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	107.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	72.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	76.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	78.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	74.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	100.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	94.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	182.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	86.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	175.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	117.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	92.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	71.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	91.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	91.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	107.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	69.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494e	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f494f	Mercedes, Argentina: Mercedes Aeroclub
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4950	Midway Island, TT: Sand Island Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4951	Mendoza, Argentina: El Plumerillo
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4952	Rangeley, ME: Steven A. Bean Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4953	Macae, Brazil: Macae Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4954	Melbourne, Australia: Essendon
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4955	Manta, Ecuador: Eloy Alfaro International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496b	Medina, Saudi Arabia: Prince Mohammad Bin Abdulaziz International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496c	Meridian, MS: Key Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496c	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496c	246.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496c	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496d	Meadville, PA: Port Meadville
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496e	Melbourne, Australia: Melbourne International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	Memphis, TN: Memphis International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	101.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	102.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	171.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	188.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	161.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	69.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	94.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f496f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4970	Mende, France: Mende Brenoux
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4971	Manteo, NC: Dare County Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4972	Mersing, Malaysia: Mersing Malay.
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4973	Meulaboh, Indonesia: Seunagan
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4974	Atwater, CA: Castle
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f498a	Medan, Indonesia: Polonia
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f498b	Minden, NV: Minden-Tahoe
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f498c	Mexico City, Mexico: Licenciado Benito Juarez International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f498d	Meghauli, Nepal: Meghauli Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f498e	Mafia Island, Tanzania: Mafia
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f498f	Mansfield, OH: Mansfield Lahm Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4990	Mission/McAllen/Edinburg, TX: McAllen Miller International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4990	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4990	142.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4990	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4990	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4990	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4990	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4990	65.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4990	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4990	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4990	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4990	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4990	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4990	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4990	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4990	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4990	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4990	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4990	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4990	126.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4990	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4990	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4990	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4990	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4990	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4990	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4990	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4990	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4990	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4990	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4990	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4990	90.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4990	76.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4990	89.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4990	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4990	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4990	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4990	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4991	Moanda, Gabon: Moanda Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4992	Muzaffarabad, Pakistan: Muzaffarabad Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4993	Mesquite, NV: Mesquite Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49a9	Marshfield, WI: Marshfield Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49aa	Macau, Macau: Macau International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49ab	Milford Sound, New Zealand: Milford Sound Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49ac	Maradi, Niger: Maradi Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49ad	Medford, OR: Rogue Valley International - Medford
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49ad	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49ad	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49ad	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49ad	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49ad	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49ad	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49ad	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49ad	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49ad	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49ad	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49ad	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49ad	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49ad	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49ad	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49ad	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49ad	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49ad	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49ad	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49ad	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49ad	84.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49ad	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49ae	Miraflores, Colombia: Miraflores Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49af	Fort Worth, TX: Mangham Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49b0	Mfuwe, Zambia: Mfuwe Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49b1	Melfa, VA: Accomack County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49b2	Managua, Nicaragua: Augusto Cesar Sandino International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49c8	Mount Gambier, Australia: Mount Gambier Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49c9	Michigan City, IN: Michigan City Municipal-Phillips Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49ca	Magdalena, Bolivia: Magdalena Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49cb	Marietta, GA: Dobbins ARB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49cc	Maringa, Brazil: Silvio Name Junior
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49cd	Montgomery, NY: Orange County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49ce	Dusseldorf, Germany: Monchengladbach
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49cf	Montgomery, AL: Montgomery Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49cf	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49cf	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49cf	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49cf	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49cf	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49cf	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49cf	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49cf	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49cf	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49cf	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49cf	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49cf	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49cf	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49cf	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49cf	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49cf	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49cf	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49cf	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49cf	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49cf	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49cf	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49cf	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49cf	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49cf	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49cf	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49cf	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49cf	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49cf	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49d0	Magangue, Colombia: Magangue Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49d1	Mogadishu, Somalia: Mogadishu International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49e7	Moultrie/Thomasville, GA: Moultrie/Thomasville Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49e8	Mangaia, Cook Islands: Mangaia Cook Island
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49e9	Morgantown, WV: Morgantown Municipal-Walter L. Bill Hart Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49ea	Dayton, OH: Dayton-Wright Brothers
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49eb	Mahdia, Guyana: Mahdia Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49ed	Mashhad, Iran: Shahid Hashemi Nejad International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49ee	Mitchell, SD: Mitchell Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49ef	Mannheim, Germany: Mannheim City
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f49f0	Marsh Harbour, The Bahamas: Marsh Harbour International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a06	Manhattan/Ft. Riley, KS: Manhattan Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a06	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a06	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a06	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a06	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a06	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a06	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a06	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a06	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a06	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a06	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a06	111.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a06	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a06	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a06	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a07	Marshall, MO: Marshall Memorial Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a08	Minchumina, AK: Minchumina Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a09	Mount House, Australia: Mount House Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0a	Mariehamn, Finland: Mariehamn Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0b	Sacramento, CA: Sacramento Mather
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0c	Manchester, NH: Manchester-Boston Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0c	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0c	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0c	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0c	110.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0c	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0c	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0c	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0c	105.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0c	94.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0c	89.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0c	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0c	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0c	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0c	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0c	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0c	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0c	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0c	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0c	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0c	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0c	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0c	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0d	Mojave, CA: Mojave Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4a0f	Mildenhall, United Kingdom: Mildenhall Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb0	Greenville, MI: Greenville Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb1	Holland, MI: West Michigan Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb2	Howell, MI: Livingston County Spencer J. Hardy
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	Miami, FL: Miami International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	122.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	105.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	77.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	83.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	100.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	114.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	65.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	111.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	175.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	74.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	134.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	98.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	207.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	168.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	82.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	105.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	159.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	102.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	173.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	102.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	170.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	89.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	139.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	129.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	237.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	147.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	74.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	69.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	75.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	98.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	91.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	93.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	81.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	75.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	88.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	82.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb4	Minot, ND: Minot AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb5	Minneapolis, MN: Crystal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb6	Merida, Mexico: Licenciado Manuel Crescencio Rejon International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb7	Muncie/Anderson/Newcastle, IN: Delaware County Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb8	Marilia, Brazil: Marilia Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cb9	Mili, Marshall Islands: Mili Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4ccf	Mikkeli, Finland: Mikkeli Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cd0	Milan, Italy: Milan Metropolitan Area
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cd1	Merimbula, Australia: Merimbula Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cd2	Minnipa, Australia: Minnipa Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cd3	Miami, OK: Miami Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cd4	Mitspeh Ramon, Israel: Har Arikha
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cd5	Omaha, NE: Millard
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cd6	Monastir, Tunisia: Habib Bourguiba International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cd7	Misima Island, Papua New Guinea: Misima
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cd8	Shafter, CA: Shafter - Minter Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cee	Maiduguri, Nigeria: Maiduguri Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cef	Millville, NJ: Millville Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cf0	Marshalltown, IA: Marshalltown Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cf1	Miriti, Colombia: Miriti Pirana
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cf2	Mainoru, Australia: Mainoru Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cf3	Manja, Madagascar: Manja Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cf4	Mejit Island, Marshall Islands: Mejit
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cf5	Man, Cote d'Ivoire: Man Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cf6	Moenjodaro, Pakistan: Moenjodaro Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4cf7	Mosjoen, Norway: Kjaerstad
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d0d	Mayajigua, Cuba: Mayajigua Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d0e	Mitiga, Libya: Mitiga International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d0f	Mouila, Gabon: Mouila Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d10	Mbuji-Mayi, Congo (Kinshasa): Mbuji Mayi
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d11	Majunga, Madagascar: Philibert Tsiranana
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d12	Jackson, MN: Jackson Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d13	Mytilene, Greece: Mitilini
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d14	Murcia, Spain: San Javier
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d15	Toms River, NJ: Ocean County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d16	Mirny, Russia: Mirny Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2c	Marianske Lazne, Czech Republic: Marianske Lazne Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2d	Kansas City, MO: Charles B. Wheeler Downtown
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	Milwaukee, WI: General Mitchell International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	215.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	83.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	88.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	88.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	84.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	84.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d2e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d30	Muskegon, MI: Muskegon County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d30	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d30	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d30	81.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d30	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d31	Obo Mboki, Central African Republic: Obo Mboki Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d32	Makoua, Congo (Brazaville): Makoua Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d33	Hoolehua, HI: Molokai
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d34	Jackson, TN: McKellar-Sipes Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d35	Mukah, Malaysia: Mukah Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d4b	Muskogee, OK: Davis Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d4c	Makemo, French Polynesia: Makemo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d4d	Meekatharra, Australia: Meekatharra Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d4e	Mekane Selam, Ethiopia: Mekane Selam Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d4f	Mankato, MN: Mankato Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d50	Makokou, Gabon: Makokou Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d51	Manokwari, Indonesia: Rendani
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d52	Mackay, Australia: Mackay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d53	Malacca, Malaysia: Malacca Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d54	Malta, Malta: Luqa International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d6a	Melbourne, FL: Melbourne International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d6a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d6a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d6a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d6a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d6a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d6a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d6a	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d6a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d6a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d6a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d6a	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d6b	McAlester, OK: McAlester Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d6c	Malad City, ID: Malad City Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d6d	Male, Maldives: Ibrahim Nasir International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d6e	Milford, UT: Milford Municipal/Ben and Judy Briscoe Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d6f	Malang, Indonesia: Abdul Rachman Saleh
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d70	Mulhouse, France: EuroAirport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d71	Moline, IL: Quad City International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d71	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d71	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d71	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d71	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d71	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d71	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d71	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d71	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d71	152.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d71	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d71	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d71	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d71	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d71	129.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d71	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d71	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d71	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d71	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d71	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d71	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d71	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d71	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d71	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d71	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d71	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d71	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d71	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d71	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d71	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d71	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d71	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d71	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d71	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d71	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d71	205.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d71	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d71	90.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d71	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d71	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d71	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d71	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d72	Malta, MT: Malta Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d73	Marshall, AK: Marshall Don Hunter Sr.
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d89	Morelia, Mexico: General Francisco J. Mujica International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d8a	Melilla, Spain: Melilla Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d8b	Milos, Greece: Milos Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d8c	Malabang, Philippines: Malabang Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d8d	Malalaua, Papua New Guinea: Malalaua Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d8e	Miles City, MT: Frank Wiley Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d8f	Millinocket, ME: Millinocket Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d90	Monroe, LA: Monroe Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d90	115.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d90	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d90	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d90	161.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d90	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d90	112.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d90	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d90	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d90	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d90	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d90	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d90	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d91	Merluna, Australia: Merluna Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4d92	Monrovia, Liberia: Monrovia Spriggs Payne
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4da8	Malatya, Turkey: Malatya Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4da9	Manley Hot Springs, AK: Manley Hot Springs Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4daa	Melo, Uruguay: Melo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4dab	Malmo, Sweden: Malmo Metropolitan Area
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4dac	Memanbetsu, Japan: Memanbetsu Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4dad	Ciudad Mante, Mexico: Cuauhtemoc
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4dae	Minami Daito, Japan: Minami Daito Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4daf	Darlington, United Kingdom: Durham Tees Valley
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4db0	Mammoth Lakes, CA: Mammoth Lakes Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4db0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4db0	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4db0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4db0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4db1	Athens, TN: McMinn County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4dc7	Matsumoto, Japan: Matsumoto Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4dc8	Murmansk, Russia: Murmansk Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4dc9	Marshall, MN: Southwest Minnesota Regional-Marshall/Ryan Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4dca	Middlemount, Australia: Middlemount Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4dcb	Stow, MA: Minute Man Air Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4dcc	Mompos, Colombia: Mompos Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4dcd	Mbala, Zambia: Mbala Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4dce	Columbia, SC: McEntire Jngb
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4dcf	Morristown, NJ: Morristown Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f4dd0	Malmo, Sweden: Malmo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5071	Miyakojima, Japan: Miyako
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5072	Fosston, MN: Fosston Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5073	Moose Lake, MN: Moose Lake Carlton County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5074	Ortonville, MN: Ortonville Municipal-Martinson Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5075	Moanda, Congo (Kinshasa): Muanda
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5076	Nacala, Mozambique: Nacala International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5077	Montserrat, Montserrat: John A. Osborne
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5078	Maiana, Kiribati: Maiana Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5079	Manila, Philippines: Ninoy Aquino International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f507a	Marinette, MI: Menominee-Marinette Twin County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5090	Marion, OH: Marion Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5091	Manono, Congo (Kinshasa): Manono Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5093	Mongu, Zambia: Mongu Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5094	Mansa, Zambia: Mansa Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5095	Minto, AK: Minto Al Wright
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5096	Mawlamyine, Burma: Mawlamyine Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5097	Manicore, Brazil: Manicore Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5098	Manassas, VA: Manassas Regional/Harry P. Davis Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5099	Mosby, MO: Midwest National Air Center
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50af	Washington, MO: Washington Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50b0	Moa, Cuba: Orestes Acosta
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50b1	Mobile, AL: Mobile Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50b1	90.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50b1	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50b1	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50b1	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50b1	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50b1	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50b1	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50b1	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50b1	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50b1	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50b1	100.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50b1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50b2	Montes Claros, Brazil: Mario Ribeiro
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50b3	Modesto, CA: Modesto City-County-Harry Sham Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50b4	Mong Hsat, Burma: Mong Hsat Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50b5	Molde, Norway: Aro
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50b6	Moudjeria, Mauritania: Moudjeria Ledfotar
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50b7	Mount Cook, New Zealand: Mount Cook Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50b8	Mount Pleasant, MI: Mount Pleasant Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50ce	Morondava, Madagascar: Morondava Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50cf	Morristown, TN: Moore-Murrell
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50d0	Moses Point, AK: Moses Point Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50d1	Minot, ND: Minot International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50d1	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50d1	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50d1	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50d1	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50d1	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50d1	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50d1	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50d2	Mountain Village, AK: Mountain Village Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50d3	Moscow, Russia: Moscow Metropolitan Area
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50d5	Monterrey, Colombia: Monterrey Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50d6	Moorea Island, French Polynesia: Temae
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50d7	Miami, FL: Watson Island International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50ed	Montpelier, ID: Montpelier Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50ee	Morrilton, AR: Petit Jean Park
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50ef	Mokpo, South Korea: Mokpo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50f0	Montpellier, France: Montpellier Mediterranee
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50f1	Maputo, Mozambique: Maputo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50f2	Mount Pleasant, Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas): Mount Pleasant Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50f3	Mt. Pocono, PA: Pocono Mountains Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50f4	McPherson, KS: McPherson Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50f5	Mount Pleasant, TX: Mount Pleasant Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f50f6	Maliana, Timor-Leste: Maliana Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f510c	Montpelier/Barre, VT: Edward F Knapp State
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f510d	Miyanmin, Papua New Guinea: Miyanmin Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f510e	Macomb, IL: Macomb Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f510f	Indianapolis, IN: Indianapolis Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5110	Mildura, Australia: Mildura Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5111	Mo I Rana, Norway: Rossvoll
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5112	Nelspruit, South Africa: Kruger Mpumalanga International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5113	Moundou, Chad: Moundou Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5114	Mustique, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines: Mustique Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5115	Marquette, MI: Sawyer International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5115	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5115	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5115	175.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f512b	Mek'ele, Ethiopia: Mek'ele Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f512c	Smyrna, TN: Smyrna Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f512d	Misurata, Libya: Misurata International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f512e	Martinsburg, WV: Eastern WV Regional/Shepherd Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f512f	Columbia, TN: Maury County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5130	Merida, Venezuela: Alberto Carnevalli
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5131	Morehead City, NC: Beaufort Morehead City
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5132	Anchorage, AK: Merrill Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5134	Marco Island, FL: Marco Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f514a	Morganton, NC: Morganton Lenoir
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f514b	Grand Case, Saint Martin: Grand Case Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f514c	Marseille, France: Marseille Provence
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f514d	Mauritius Island, Mauritius: Sir Seewoosagur Ramgoolam International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f514e	Mineralnyye Vody, Russia: Mineralnyye Vody Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f514f	Margarita Island, Venezuela: Del Caribe International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5150	Monterey, CA: Monterey Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5150	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5150	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5150	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5150	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5150	98.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5150	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5150	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5150	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5150	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5150	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5150	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5150	186.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5150	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5150	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5150	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5150	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5150	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5151	Moree, Australia: Moree Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5152	Grenada, MS: Grenada Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5153	Muskrat Dam, Canada: Muskrat Dam Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5169	Mesa, AZ: Falcon Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516a	Manston, United Kingdom: Manston Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516b	Masirah, Oman: Masirah Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516c	Misawa, Japan: Misawa AB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516d	Muscle Shoals, AL: Northwest Alabama Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	Madison, WI: Dane County Regional-Truax Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	111.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	103.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	227.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	73.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	92.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	159.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	251.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516f	Missoula, MT: Missoula International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516f	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516f	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516f	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f516f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	Minneapolis, MN: Minneapolis-St Paul International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	83.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	73.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	153.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	110.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	107.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	80.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	91.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	118.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	81.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	149.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	253.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	100.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	135.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	119.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	99.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	109.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	91.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	159.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	136.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	316.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	90.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	86.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	91.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	85.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	109.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	122.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	112.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	98.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	69.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	112.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	143.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	65.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	91.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	140.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	94.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	371.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	89.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5170	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5171	Minsk, Belarus: Minsk 2
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5188	Massena, NY: Massena International-Richards Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5189	Maastricht, Netherlands: Maastricht Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518a	Maseru, Lesotho: Moshoeshoe I International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518b	Monticello, NY: Sullivan County International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518c	Massawa, Eritrea: Massawa International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	New Orleans, LA: Louis Armstrong New Orleans International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	101.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	155.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	72.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	102.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	151.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	72.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	199.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	106.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518e	Namibe, Angola: Yuri Gagarin
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f518f	Colstrip, MT: Colstrip Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5190	Mt. Clemens, MI: Selfridge Angb
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5191	Mt. Sandford, Australia: Mount Sanford Station
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5432	Monte Alegre, Brazil: Monte Alegre Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5433	Marathon, FL: The Florida Keys Marathon
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5434	Montrose/Delta, CO: Montrose Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5434	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5434	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5434	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5434	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5434	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5434	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5434	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5434	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5434	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5434	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5434	137.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5434	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5434	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5434	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5434	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5434	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5434	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5434	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5434	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5434	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5434	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5434	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5434	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5434	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5435	Maitland, Australia: Maitland Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5436	Metlakatla, AK: Metlakatala
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5437	Baltimore, MD: Martin State
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5438	Mattoon/Charleston, IL: Coles County Memorial
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5439	Montauk Point, NY: Sky Portal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f543a	Monteria, Colombia: Los Garzones
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f543b	Manzini, Swaziland: Matsapha
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5451	Minatitlan, Mexico: Minatitlan Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5452	Mota Lava, Vanuatu: Mota Lava Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5453	Manitowoc, WI: Manitowoc County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5454	Fairbanks, AK: Metro Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5455	Monterrey, Mexico: General Mariano Escobedo International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5456	Masada, Israel: Israel Bar Yehuda
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5457	Munda, Solomon Islands: Munda Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5458	Maun, Botswana: Maun Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5459	Munich, Germany: Munich Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5470	Kamuela, HI: Waimea-Kohala
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5471	Mulege, Mexico: Mulege Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5472	Mersa Matruh, Egypt: Mersa Matruh Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5473	Moultrie, GA: Spence
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5474	Maturin, Venezuela: Maturin Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5475	Mountain Home, ID: Mountain Home AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5476	Marudi, Malaysia: Marudi Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5477	Muscatine, IA: Muscatine Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5478	Multan, Pakistan: Multan International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f548f	Musoma, Tanzania: Musoma Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5490	Mvengue, Gabon: Mvengue Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5491	Montevideo, Uruguay: Carrasco International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5492	Mossoro, Brazil: Dixsept Rosado
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5493	Mandeville, Jamaica: Marlboro
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5494	Morrisville, VT: Morrisville Stowe State
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5495	Kayenta, AZ: Kayenta Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5496	Mount Vernon, IL: Mount Vernon Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5498	Maroua, Cameroon: Salak
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f54ae	Burlington/Mount Vernon, WA: Skagit Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f54af	Martha's Vineyard, MA: Martha's Vineyard Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f54b1	Marion/Herrin, IL: Williamson County Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f54b2	Milwaukee, WI: Lawrence J Timmerman
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f54b3	Mianwali, Pakistan: Mianwali Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f54b4	Moses Lake, WA: Grant County International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f54b5	Mineral Wells, TX: Mineral Wells Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f54b6	Windom, MN: Windom Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f54b7	Middletown, OH: Middletown Regional/Hook Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f54cd	Magwe, Burma: Magway
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f54ce	Mwanza, Tanzania: Mwanza Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f54cf	Masamba, Indonesia: Andi Jemma
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f54d0	Monticello, UT: Monticello Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f54d1	Maxton, NC: Laurinburg-Maxton
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f54d2	Montgomery, AL: Maxwell AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f54d3	Marlboro, MA: Marlboro Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f54d4	Moro, Papua New Guinea: Moro Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f54d5	Minna, Nigeria: Minna Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f54d6	Mexicali, Mexico: General Rodolfo Sanchez Taboada International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f54ec	Milan, Italy: Malpensa
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f54ed	Maota, Samoa: Maota Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f54ee	Maintirano, Madagascar: Maintirano Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f54ef	Mora, Sweden: Mora Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f54f0	McCarthy, AK: McCarthy Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f54f1	Moruya, Australia: Moruya Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f54f2	Mayumba, Gabon: Mayumba Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f54f3	Maracay, Venezuela: Maracay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f54f4	Malindi, Kenya: Malindi Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f54f5	Miyake Jima, Japan: Miyake Jima Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f550b	San Diego, CA: Montgomery Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f550c	Mayaguana, The Bahamas: Mayaguana Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f550d	Marble Canyon, AZ: Cliff Dwellers
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f550e	Matsuyama, Japan: Matsuyama Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f550f	May Creek, AK: May Creek Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5510	McCall, ID: McCall Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5511	Mary, Turkmenistan: Mary Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5512	Myrtle Beach, SC: Myrtle Beach International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5512	104.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5512	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5512	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5512	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5512	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5512	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5512	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5512	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5512	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5512	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5512	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5512	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5512	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5512	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5512	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5512	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5512	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5512	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5512	78.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5512	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5512	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5512	87.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5512	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5513	Myitkyina, Burma: Myitkyina Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5514	Mekoryuk, AK: Mekoryuk Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f552a	Marysville, CA: Yuba County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f552b	Mtwara, Tanzania: Mtwara Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f552c	Miri, Malaysia: Miri Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f552e	Mocimboa Da Praia, Mozambique: Mocimboa Da Praia Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f552f	Makung, Taiwan: Ma Kung AB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5530	Mopti, Mali: Ambodedjo
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5531	Marana, AZ: Pinal Airpark
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5532	Marakei, Kiribati: Marakei Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5533	Manizales, Colombia: La Nubia
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5549	Metz, France: Metz-Nancy Metz-Frescaty
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f554a	Minj, Papua New Guinea: Minj Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f554b	Manzanillo, Cuba: Sierra Maestra
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f554c	Mazar-I-Sherif, Afghanistan: Mazar I Sharif
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f554d	Mazatlan, Mexico: General Rafael Buelna International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f554e	Marion, IN: Marion Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f554f	Pottstown, PA: Pottstown Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5550	Robbinsville, NJ: Trenton-Robbinsville
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5551	Narrabri, Australia: Narrabri Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5552	North Adams, MA: Harriman-and-West
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f57f3	Nagpur, India: Dr. Baba Saheb Ambedkar International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f57f4	Nakhon Ratchasima, Thailand: Nakhon Ratchasima Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f57f5	Nadi, Fiji: Nadi International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f57f6	Nanchong, China: Nanchong Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f57f7	Naples, Italy: Capodichino
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f57f8	Nassau, The Bahamas: Lynden Pindling International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f57f9	Natal, Brazil: Augusto Severo International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f57fa	Napuka Islnd, French Polynesia: Napuka
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f57fc	Star Harbour, Solomon Islands: Nana
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5812	Nambaiyufa, Papua New Guinea: Nambaiyufa Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5813	Naberevnye Chelny, Russia: Begishevo
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5814	New Orleans, LA: New Orleans NAS JRB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5815	Newburgh, NY: Newburgh Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5816	Bangkok, Thailand: Suvarnabhumi International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5818	Nairobi, Kenya: Nairobi Jomo Kenyatta International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5819	Glenview, IL: Glenview NAS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f581a	Guantanamo, Cuba: Guantanamo Bay NS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f581b	Gastonia, NC: Gastonia Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5831	Smithfield, NC: Johnston Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5832	Shelby, NC: Shelby-Cleveland County Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5833	Currituck, NC: Currituck County Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5834	Kenansville, NC: Duplin County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5835	North Caicos, Turks and Caicos Islands: North Caicos International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5836	Nice, France: Nice Cote d'Azur
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5837	Nachingwea, Tanzania: Nachingwea Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5838	Necocli, Colombia: Necocli Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5839	Newcastle, United Kingdom: Newcastle Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f583a	Chenega, AK: Chenega Bay
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5850	North Kingstown, RI: Quonset State Air Reserve National Guard Helipad
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5851	Subic Bay, Philippines: Cubi Point NAS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5852	Marietta, GA: Dobbins ARB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5853	Newcastle, South Africa: Newcastle Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5854	Nicoya, Costa Rica: Nicoya Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5855	Nukus, Uzbekistan: Nukus Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5856	Annecy, France: Annecy Meythet
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5857	Kindred, ND: Robert Odegaard Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5858	Nouadhibou, Mauritania: Nouadhibou Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5859	Nanded, India: Nanded Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5870	Ndjamena, Chad: Hassan Djamous
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5871	Ndele, Central African Republic: Ndele Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5872	Nador, Morocco: El Aroui International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5873	Cuxhaven, Germany: Nordholz-Spieka
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5874	Gothenburg, NE: Quinn Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5875	Blair, NE: Blair Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5876	Brunswick, GA: Glynco NAS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5877	Negril, Jamaica: Negril Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f588e	Lakehurst, NJ: Lakehurst/Maxfield Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f588f	Neryungri, Russia: Neryungri Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5890	New Bight, The Bahamas: New Bight Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5891	Sam Neua, Laos: Samneua
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5892	Nevis, Saint Kitts and Nevis: Vance Winkworth Amory
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5893	New Orleans, LA: Lakefront
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5894	Fallon, NV: Fallon NAS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5895	Young, Australia: Young Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5896	Ningbo, China: Lishe
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5897	Grand Canyon, AZ: North Rim
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f58ad	Anegada, British Virgin Islands: Auguste George
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f58ae	N'Gaoundere, Cameroon: N'Gaoundere Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f58af	Kaneohe, HI: Kaneohe Bay MCAS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f58b0	Guam, TT: Agana NAS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f58b1	Nagoya, Japan: Nagoya Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f58b2	Corpus Christi, TX: Corpus Christi NAS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f58b3	Nagasaki, Japan: Nagasaki Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f58b4	Norfolk, VA: Norfolk NS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f58b5	Alameda, CA: Alameda NAS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f58b6	Nha-Trang, Vietnam: Nha Trang
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f58cc	Dubai, United Arab Emirates: Minhad AB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f58cd	Patuxent River, MD: Patuxent River NAS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f58ce	Northolt, United Kingdom: RAF Northolt
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f58cf	Nuku Hiva, French Polynesia: Nuku Hiva Fr.Poly.
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f58d0	Brunswick, ME: Brunswick Executive
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f58d1	Nimba, Liberia: Nimba Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f58d2	Nikolai, AK: Nikolai Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f58d3	Nicosia, Cyprus: Nicosia Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f58d4	Niblack, AK: Niblack Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f58d5	Nikunau, Kiribati: Nikunau Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f58eb	Niamey, Niger: Diori Hamani
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f58ec	Ninilchik, AK: Ninilchik Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f58ed	Jacksonville, FL: Jacksonville NAS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f58ee	Niort, France: Niort Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f58ef	Nioro, Mali: Nioro Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f58f0	Berlin, NJ: Camden County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f58f1	West Creek, NJ: Eagles Nest
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f58f2	Atsugi, Japan: Atsugi NAF
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f58f3	Nizhnevartovsk, Russia: Nizhnevartovsk Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f58f4	El Centro, CA: El Centro NAF
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f590a	Nkan, Gabon: Nkan Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f590b	Nouakchott, Mauritania: Nouakchott Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f590c	Nanjing, China: Lukou
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f590d	Naukiti, AK: Naukiti Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f590e	Nagoya, Japan: Chubu Centrair International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f590f	Nankina, Papua New Guinea: Nankina Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5910	Nkongsamba, Cameroon: Nkongsamba Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5911	Cherry Point, NC: Cherry Point MCAS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5912	Nichen Cove, AK: Nichin Cove Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5913	Diego Garcia, British Indian Ocean Territory: Diego Garcia Nsf
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5bb4	San Diego, CA: Miramar MCAS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5bb5	Ndola, Zambia: Ndola Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5bb6	Lemoore, CA: Lemoore NAS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5bb7	Nuevo Laredo, Mexico: Quetzalcoatl International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5bb8	Nelson Lagoon, AK: Nelson Lagoon Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5bb9	Norfolk Island, Australia: Norfolk Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5bba	Kinshasa, Congo (Kinshasa): N'Dolo
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5bbb	Nelspruit, South Africa: Nelspruit Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5bbc	Nicholson, Australia: Nicholson Station
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5bbd	Norman's Cay, The Bahamas: Norman's Cay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5bd3	Nightmute, AK: Nightmute Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5bd4	San Miguel, Panama: San Miguel Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5bd5	Kenitra, Morocco: Kenitra Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5bd6	Nanning, China: Wuxu
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5bd7	Naknek, AK: Naknek Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5bd8	Nondalton, AK: Nondalton Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5bd9	Nanuque, Brazil: Nanuque Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5bda	Nanyang, China: Nanyang East
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5bdb	Nowra, Australia: Nowra Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5bdc	Connaught, Ireland: Ireland West Airport Knock
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5bf2	Nogales, Mexico: Nogales International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5bf3	Nonouti, Kiribati: Nonouti Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5bf4	Mactan Island, Philippines: Nab
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5bf5	Nordfjordur, Iceland: Nordfjordur Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5bf6	Nossi-Be, Madagascar: Fascene
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5bf7	Novato, CA: Gnoss Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5bf8	Noumea, New Caledonia: Noumea La Tontouta
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5bf9	Huambo, Angola: Huambo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5bfa	Pensacola, FL: Pensacola NAS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5bfb	Napier, New Zealand: Napier Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5c11	New Plymouth, New Zealand: New Plymouth Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5c12	Newport, RI: Newport State
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5c13	Millington, TN: Millington Regional Jetport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5c14	Kingsville, TX: Kingsville NAS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5c15	Neuquen, Argentina: Presidente Peron
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5c17	Key West, FL: Key West NAS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5c18	Newquay, United Kingdom: Newquay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5c19	Narrandera, Australia: Narrandera Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5c1a	Mayport, FL: Mayport NS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5c30	Afton, OK: Grand Lake Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5c31	Norrkoping, Sweden: Kungsangen
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5c32	North Ronaldsay, United Kingdom: North Ronaldsay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5c33	Ceiba, PR: Roosevelt Roads NAS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5c34	Tokyo, Japan: Narita International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5c35	Noosa, Australia: Noosa Aust.
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5c36	Bimini, The Bahamas: North Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5c37	Milton, FL: Whiting Field NAS North
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5c38	Camp Springs, MD: Joint Base Andrews
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5c39	Yaounde, Cameroon: Yaounde Nsimalen
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5c4f	Merritt Island, FL: NASA Shuttle Landing Facility
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5c50	Nelson, New Zealand: Nelson Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5c51	Scone, Australia: Scone Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5c52	Nakhon Si Thammarat, Thailand: Nakhon Si Thammarat Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5c53	Sigonella, Italy: Sigonella Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5c54	Snap Lake, Canada: Snap Lake Mine/Debeers
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5c55	Port Hueneme, CA: Point Mugu NAS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5c56	Nantes, France: Nantes Atlantique
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5c57	Newcastle, Australia: Williamtown
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5c58	Normanton, Australia: Normanton Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5c6e	Santo Antao, Cape Verde: Santo Antao Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5c6f	Wajima, Japan: Noto
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5c70	Monterrey, Mexico: Del Norte International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5c71	Oceana, VA: Oceana NAS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5c72	Sun City, South Africa: Pilanesberg International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5c73	Nuremberg, Germany: Nurnberg
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5c74	Nuguria, Papua New Guinea: Nuguria Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5c75	Nuiqsut, AK: Nuiqsut Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5c76	Nulato, AK: Nulato Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5c77	Pensacola, FL: Saufley Field NOLF
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5c8d	Nunapitchuk, AK: Nunapitchuk Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5c8e	Mountain View, CA: Moffett Federal Airfield
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5c8f	Whidbey Island, WA: Whidbey Island NAS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5c90	Overton, NV: Perkins Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5c91	Neiva, Colombia: Benito Salas
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5c92	Nevada, MO: Nevada Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5c93	Narvik, Norway: Narvik Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5c94	Navegantes, Brazil: Ministro Victor Konder International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5c95	Norwich, United Kingdom: Norwich Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cac	Willow Grove, PA: Willow Grove NAS JRB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cad	Kingston, NY: Kingston Ulster
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cae	Fulton, NY: Oswego County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5caf	Oneonta, NY: F and F Airpark Inc
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cb0	New York, NY: New York City Metropolitan Area
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cb1	Yuma, AZ: Yuma MCAS/Yuma International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cb2	Nykoping, Sweden: Skavsta
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cb3	Nyaung-U, Burma: Bagan
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cb4	Jacksonville, FL: Cecil
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cb5	Santa Ana, CA: El Toro MCAS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5ccb	South Weymouth, MA: South Weymouth NAS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5ccc	San Diego, CA: North Island NAS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5ccd	Redding, CA: Benton Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cce	Orange, Australia: Orange Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5ccf	Bagram, Afghanistan: Bagram Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd0	Jacksonville/Camp Lejeune, NC: Albert J Ellis
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd0	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd0	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd0	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd0	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd0	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	Oakland, CA: Metropolitan Oakland International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	156.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	120.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	69.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	128.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	91.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	94.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	65.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	100.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	165.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	65.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	176.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	98.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	109.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd1	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd2	Oamaru, New Zealand: Oamaru Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd3	Olanchito, Honduras: El Arrayan
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5cd4	Oaxaca, Mexico: Xoxocotlan International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5f76	Obock, Djibouti: Obock Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5f77	Oberpfaffenhofen, Germany: Oberpfaffenhofen Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5f78	Obihiro, Japan: Obihiro Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5f79	Aubenas, France: Aubenas Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5f7a	Oakland, MD: Garrett County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5f7b	Kobuk, AK: Kobuk Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5f7d	Ocean City, MD: Ocean City Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5f7e	Ocala, FL: Ocala International-Jim Taylor Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5f94	Nacogdoches, TX: A L Mangham Jr. Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5f95	Oceanic, AK: Thumb Bay
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5f96	Ocho Rios, Jamaica: Boscobel
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5f97	Oceanside, CA: Oceanside Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5f98	Washington, NC: Warren Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5f99	Ouadda, Central African Republic: Ouadda Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5f9a	Cordoba, Spain: Cordoba Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5f9b	Oodnadatta, Australia: Oodnadatta Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5f9c	Odense, Denmark: Odense Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5f9d	Oakland, MD: Oakland Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fb3	Odessa, Ukraine: Odessa International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fb4	Oak Harbor, WA: A.J. Eisenberg
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fb5	Oecusse, Timor-Leste: Oecusse Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fb6	Oernskoeldsvik, Sweden: Ornskoldsvik
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fb7	Omaha, NE: Offutt AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fb8	Norfolk, NE: Norfolk Regional/Karl Stefan Memorial Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fb9	Ofu, TT: Ofu Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fba	Ogallala, NE: Searle Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fbb	Orangeburg, SC: Orangeburg Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fbc	Ogden, UT: Ogden-Hinckley
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	Kahului, HI: Kahului Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	261.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	69.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	98.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	73.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	272.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	111.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd2	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd3	Yonaguni, Japan: Yonaguni Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd4	Ogdensburg, NY: Ogdensburg International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd5	Washington Court House, OH: Fayette County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd6	Bellefontaine, OH: Bellefontaine Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd7	Chillicothe, OH: Ross County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd8	Marysville, OH: Union County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fd9	Cincinnati, OH: Cincinnati - Blue Ash
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fda	Ravenna, OH: Portage County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5fdb	Kent, OH: Kent State University
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5ff1	Ohakea, New Zealand: Ohakea Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5ff2	Northeast Cape, AK: Northeast Cape AFS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5ff3	Ohrid, Macedonia: Ohrid Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5ff4	Oshakati, Namibia: Oshakati Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5ff5	Wyk Auf Fohr, Germany: Wyk Auf Fohr Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5ff6	Norwich, NY: Eaton
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5ff7	Oshima Islands, Japan: Oshima
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5ff8	Oita, Japan: Oita Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f5ff9	Olathe, KS: Johnson County Executive
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6010	Okinawa, Japan: Naha
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	Oklahoma City, OK: Will Rogers World
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	73.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	150.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	84.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	147.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	93.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	99.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	65.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	95.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	126.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	111.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6011	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6012	Sapporo, Japan: Okadama
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6013	Okayama, Japan: Okayama Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6014	Kokomo/Logansport/Peru, IN: Kokomo Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6015	Okondja, Gabon: Okondja Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6016	Tokyo, Japan: Yokota AB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6017	Yorke Island, Australia: Yorke Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6018	Oakey, Australia: Oakey Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6019	Orland, Norway: Orland Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f602f	Olbia, Italy: Olbia Costa Smeralda
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6030	Olean, NY: Cattaraugus County-Olean
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6031	Wolf Point, MT: L. M. Clayton
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6032	Old Harbor, AK: Old Harbor Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6033	Olafsvik, Iceland: Rif
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6034	Olympia, WA: Olympia Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6035	Olomouc, Czech Republic: Olomouc Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6036	Olympic Dam, Australia: Olympic Dam Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6037	Nogales, AZ: Nogales International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6038	Columbus, NE: Columbus Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604e	Olive Branch, MS: Olive Branch Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	Omaha, NE: Eppley Airfield
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	69.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	99.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	140.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	115.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f604f	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6050	Omboue, Gabon: Omboue Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6051	Nome, AK: Nome Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6051	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6051	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6051	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6052	Urmieh, Iran: Uromiyeh
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6054	Omak, WA: Omak Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6055	Omkalai, Papua New Guinea: Omkalai Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6056	Mostar, Bosnia and Herzegovina: Mostar Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6057	Oradea, Romania: Oradea Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f606d	Omsk, Russia: Omsk Tsentralny
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f606e	Winona, MN: Winona Municipal/Max Conrad Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f606f	Ondangwa, Namibia: Ondangwa Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6070	Mornington Island, Australia: Mornington Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6071	Oneonta, NY: Oneonta Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6072	Odate Noshiro, Japan: Odate Noshiro Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6073	O'Neill, NE: The O'Neill Municipal-John L. Baker Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6074	Socorro, NM: Socorro Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6075	Onion Bay, AK: Onion Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6076	Ontario, OR: Ontario Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608c	Newport, OR: Newport Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	Ontario, CA: Ontario International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	75.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	97.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	72.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	94.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	65.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608d	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608e	Colon, Panama: Enrique A Jimenez
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f608f	Cobol, AK: Cobol Alaska/Scaled/
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6090	Toksook, AK: Toksook Bay
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6091	Gold Coast, Australia: Gold Coast Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6092	Cooma, Australia: Cooma Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6094	Miami, FL: Opa-locka Executive
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6095	Ophir, AK: Ophir Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6336	Porto, Portugal: Porto Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6337	McDonald Lake, AK: McDonald Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6338	Bible Camp, AK: Bible Camp Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6339	Cinder River Lodge, AK: Cinder River Lodge Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f633b	Lemesurier Island, AK: Lemesurier Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f633c	Tracy Arm, AK: Tracy Arm Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f633e	Vrems, AK: Vrems Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f633f	Akolik, AK: Akolik Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6355	Mels, AK: Mels Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6356	Meshik, AK: Meshik Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6357	Telaquana Lake, AK: Telaquana Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6358	Chelatna Lake Lodge, AK: Chelatna Lake Lodge Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6359	Pumice, AK: Pumice Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f635a	Port Alsworth, AK: Points Alsworth
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f635b	Twin Lakes, AK: Twin Lakes Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f635c	Sandy, AK: Sandy Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f635e	Waterkloof, South Africa: Waterkloof AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6374	Shirleyville, AK: Shirleyville Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6375	Doug Carney Strip, AK: Doug Carney Strip Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6376	Shisholik, AK: Shisholik Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6377	Sivinuvik, AK: Camp Sivinuvik
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6378	American Creek, AK: American Creek Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6379	Grants Pass, OR: Grants Pass Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f637a	Gleneden, OR: Siletz Bay State
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f637b	Florence, OR: Florence Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f637c	Orebro, Sweden: Orebro Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f637d	Orocue, Colombia: Orocue Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	Chicago, IL: Chicago O'Hare International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	135.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	98.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	74.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	82.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	255.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	250.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	117.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	123.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	78.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	108.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	246.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	105.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	72.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	172.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	160.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	73.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	72.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	106.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	334.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	83.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	84.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	175.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	107.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	140.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	72.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	168.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	133.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	87.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	138.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	133.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	119.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	137.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	106.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	83.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	419.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	103.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	125.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	103.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	89.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	103.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	151.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	297.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	94.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	105.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	388.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	74.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	131.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	117.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	69.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	120.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	150.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	111.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	142.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	111.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	73.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	80.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	94.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	88.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	135.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	274.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	199.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	95.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	69.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	82.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	124.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	216.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	102.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	88.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	170.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	111.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	144.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	131.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	137.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	77.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	219.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	86.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	78.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	133.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	101.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	157.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	84.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	73.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	292.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	105.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	92.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	131.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	529.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	292.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	72.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	94.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	114.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	170.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	168.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	75.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	96.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	103.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	247.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	145.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	93.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	72.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	76.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	313.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	82.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	123.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	147.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	114.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	106.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	350.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	128.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	456.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	240.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	77.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	117.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	69.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	130.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	97.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	193.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	81.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	362.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	159.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	240.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	65.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	73.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	127.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	82.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	105.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	87.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	89.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	96.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	168.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	69.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	94.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	186.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	186.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	291.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	105.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	112.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	74.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	136.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	151.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	207.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	110.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	72.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	77.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	112.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	208.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	224.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	92.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	142.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	71.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	104.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	127.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	154.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	83.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	191.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	94.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	205.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	94.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	109.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	99.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	95.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	178.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	152.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	102.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	265.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	89.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	156.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	71.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	154.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	151.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	152.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	141.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	150.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	96.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	77.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	132.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	83.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	275.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	71.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	146.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	148.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	135.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	75.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	80.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	149.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	175.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	116.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	94.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	140.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	69.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	90.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	108.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	72.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	84.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	82.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	86.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	83.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	98.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	151.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	139.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	132.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	81.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	105.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	170.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	65.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	262.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	102.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	94.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	106.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	402.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	74.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	80.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	432.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	95.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	125.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	116.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	145.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	121.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	96.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	213.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	257.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	125.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	128.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6393	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	Norfolk, VA: Norfolk International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	96.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	166.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	136.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	148.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6394	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6395	Paramaribo, Suriname: Zorg en Hoop
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6396	Worcester, MA: Worcester Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6396	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6396	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6396	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6396	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6397	Port Lions, AK: Port Lions Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6398	Cork, Ireland: Cork Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6399	Orlando, FL: Executive
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f639a	Oran, Algeria: Ahmed Benbella
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f639c	Orapa, Botswana: Orapa Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f63b2	Northway, AK: Northway Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f63b3	Oruro, Bolivia: Juan Mendoza
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f63b4	Noorvik, AK: Robert/Bob/Curtis Memorial
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f63b5	Paris, France: Paris Orly
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f63b6	Orange Walk, Belize: Orange Walk Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f63b7	Osaka, Japan: Osaka Metropolitan Area
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f63b8	Osage Beach, MO: Grand Glaize - Osage Beach
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f63b9	Oscoda, MI: Oscoda-Wurtsmith
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f63ba	Ostersund, Sweden: Are Ostersund
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f63bb	Oshkosh, WI: Wittman Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f63d1	Osijek, Croatia: Osijek Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f63d2	Oskarshamn, Sweden: Oskarshamn Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f63d3	Oslo, Norway: Gardermoen
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f63d4	Mosul, Iraq: Mosul International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f63d5	Osan, South Korea: Osan AB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f63d6	Slupsk, Poland: Redzikowo
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f63d7	Ostrava, Czech Republic: Mosnov
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f63d8	Ostend, Belgium: Oostende
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f63d9	Columbus, OH: Ohio State University
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f63da	Kosciusko, MS: Kosciusko/Attala County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f63f0	Namsos, Norway: Namsos Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f63f1	Koszalin, Poland: Zegrze Pomorskie
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f63f2	Contadora, Panama: Raul Arias Espinoza
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f63f3	Worthington, MN: Worthington Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f63f4	North Bend/Coos Bay, OR: Southwest Oregon Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f63f4	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f63f5	Ottumwa, IA: Ottumwa Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f63f6	Bucharest, Romania: Henri Coanda
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f63f7	Coto 47, Costa Rica: Coto 47 Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f63f8	Anacortes, WA: Anacortes Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f63f9	Otu, Colombia: Otu Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f640f	Kotzebue, AK: Ralph Wien Memorial
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f640f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f640f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f640f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f640f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f640f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6410	Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso: Ouagadougou Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6411	Oujda, Morocco: Angads International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6412	Ouesso, Congo (Brazaville): Ouesso Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6413	Oudtshoorn, South Africa: Oudtshoorn Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6414	Oulu, Finland: Oulu Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6415	Norman, OK: University of Oklahoma/Max Westheimer
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6416	Batouri, Cameroon: Batouri Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6417	Bekily, Madagascar: Bekily Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6418	Novosibirsk, Russia: Tolmachevo
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f642e	Asturias, Spain: Asturias Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f642f	Oroville, CA: Oroville Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6430	Owatonna, MN: Owatonna Degner Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6431	Owensboro, KY: Owensboro Daviess County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6432	Norwood, MA: Norwood Memorial
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6434	Bissau, Guinea-Bissau: Osvaldo Vieira
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6435	Waterbury, CT: Waterbury Oxford
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6436	Oxnard/Ventura, CA: Oxnard
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6437	Knoxville, IA: Knoxville Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f644d	Goya, Argentina: Goya Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f644e	Oyem, Gabon: Oyem Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f644f	Oiapoque, Brazil: Oiapoque Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6450	Tres Arroyos, Argentina: Tres Arroyos Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6451	Yosemite National Park, CA: Yosemite National Park Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6452	Ozona, TX: Ozona Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6453	Ozamis City, Philippines: Misamis
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6454	Zaporozhye, Ukraine: Mokraya International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6455	Moron, Spain: Moron AB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47f6456	Ozark, AL: Cairns AAF
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb5cc	Montrose, PA: Husky Haven
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb5cd	Bedford, PA: Bedford County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb5ce	Pa-An, Burma: Hpa An
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb5cf	Paderborn, Germany: Paderborn/Lippstadt
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb5d0	Everett, WA: Snohomish County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb5d1	Pagadian, Philippines: Pagadian Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb5d2	Paducah, KY: Barkley Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb5d2	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb5d2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb5d2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb5d2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb5d2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb5d2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb5d2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb5d3	Hanapepe, HI: Port Allen
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb5d5	Panama City, FL: Tyndall AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb5eb	Pattani, Thailand: Pattani Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb5ec	Palo Alto, CA: Palo Alto Airport of Santa Clara County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb5ed	Port-au-Prince, Haiti: Toussaint Louverture International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb5ee	Palmer, AK: Palmer Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb5ef	Paris, France: Paris Metropolitan Area
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb5f0	Paros, Greece: Paros Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb5f1	Patna, India: Patna Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb5f2	Paulo Alfonso, Brazil: Paulo Afonso
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb5f3	Port-de-Paix, Haiti: Port-de-Paix Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb5f4	Pamol, Malaysia: Tungud/Pamol
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb60a	Poza Rica, Mexico: Tajin
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb60b	Point Barrow, AK: Point Barrow LRRS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb60c	Puebla, Mexico: Hermanos Serdan International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb60d	Porbandar, India: Porbandar Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb60e	Pine Bluff, AR: Grider Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb60f	Plattsburgh, NY: Plattsburgh International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb60f	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb60f	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb60f	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb610	Paro, Bhutan: Paro International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	West Palm Beach/Palm Beach, FL: Palm Beach International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	72.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	88.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	89.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	107.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	141.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	104.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	107.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	94.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	87.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	94.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	96.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	74.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	132.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	121.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb611	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb612	Pack Creek, AK: Pack Creek Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb613	Puerto Cabello, Venezuela: General Bartolome Salom International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb629	Zanderij, Suriname: Johan A. Pengel International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb62a	Porto Amboim, Angola: Porto Amboim Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb62b	Paraburdoo, Australia: Paraburdoo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb62c	Puerto Barrios, Guatemala: Puerto Barrios Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb62d	Pikeville, KY: Pike County Hatcher Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb62f	Plettenberg Bay, South Africa: Plettenberg Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb630	Portage Creek, AK: Portage Creek Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb631	Puerto Rico, Colombia: Puerto Rico Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb632	Prairie Du Chien, WI: Prairie Du Chien Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb648	Painter Creek, AK: Painter Creek Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb649	Paso Caballos, Guatemala: Paso Caballos Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb64a	Porcupine Creek, AK: Porcupine Creek Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb64b	Pucallpa, Peru: Captain FAP David Abensur Rengifo International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb64c	Princeton, NJ: Princeton Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb64d	Puerto Inirida, Colombia: Puerto Inirida Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb64e	Pedro Bay, AK: Pedro Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb64f	Mueo, New Caledonia: Mueo Nickel
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb650	Padang, Indonesia: Tabing
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb667	Atlanta, GA: Dekalb Peachtree
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb668	Ponta Delgada, Portugal: Ponta Delgada Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb669	Maldonado, Uruguay: Capitan Corbeta C. A. Curbelo International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66a	Piedras Negras, Mexico: Piedras Negras International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66b	Pendleton, OR: Eastern Oregon Regional at Pendleton
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66c	Paysandu, Uruguay: Tydeo Larre Borges International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66d	Plovdiv, Bulgaria: Plovdiv Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	Portland, OR: Portland International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	90.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	138.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	185.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	138.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	90.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	185.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	87.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	104.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	98.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	122.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	138.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	89.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	123.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	115.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	143.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	114.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66e	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb66f	Pedernales, Venezuela: Pedernales Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb670	Las Malvinas, Peru: Las Malvinas Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb686	Puerto Jose, Peru: Andoas
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb687	Penneshaw, Australia: Penneshaw Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb688	Pelican, AK: Pelican Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb689	Perm, Russia: Bolshoe Savino
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb68a	Perugia, Italy: Perugia Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb68b	Pereira, Colombia: Matecana
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb68c	Beijing, China: Capital International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb68d	Puerto Maldonado, Peru: Padre Aldamiz
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb68e	Bayan Lepas, Malaysia: Penang International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb68f	Progreso, Honduras: Progreso Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb6a5	Pecos City, TX: Pecos Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb6a6	Perth, Australia: Perth International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb6a7	Pelotas, Brazil: Pelotas Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb6a8	Puerto Lempira, Honduras: Puerto Lempira Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb6a9	Peshawar, Pakistan: Bacha Khan International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb6aa	Paf Warren, AK: Paf Warren Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb6ab	Passo Fundo, Brazil: Passo Fundo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb6ac	Port Frederick, AK: Port Frederick Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb6ad	Panama City, FL: Bay County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb6ae	Pafos, Cyprus: Pafos International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb6c4	Ilebo, Congo (Kinshasa): Ilebo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb6c5	Page, AZ: Page Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb6c6	Punta Gorda, FL: Punta Gorda Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb6c7	Perpignan, France: Perpignan Rivesaltes
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb6c8	Pantnagar, India: Pantnagar Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb6c9	Chitato, Angola: Chitato Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb6ca	Pangkalpinang, Indonesia: Depati Amir
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb6cb	Pascagoula, MS: Jackson County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb6cc	Port Graham, AK: Port Graham Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb6cd	Pagosa Springs, CO: Stevens Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb6e4	Peach Springs, AZ: Peach Springs Dirt Strip
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb6e5	Greenville, NC: Pitt Greenville
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb6e6	Phan Rang, Vietnam: Phan Rang Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb6e7	Parnaiba, Brazil: Parnaiba Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb6e8	Port Harcourt, Nigeria: Port Harcourt Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb6e9	New Philadelphia, OH: Harry Clever Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb6ea	Port Hedland, Australia: Port Hedland International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb6eb	Newport News/Williamsburg, VA: Newport News/Williamsburg International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb6eb	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb6eb	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb6eb	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb6eb	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb6eb	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb6eb	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb6eb	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb6eb	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb6eb	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb6eb	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb6eb	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb6eb	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb6eb	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb6ec	Pinheiro, Brazil: Pinheiro Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	Philadelphia, PA: Philadelphia International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	105.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	150.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	125.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	93.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	71.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	154.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	80.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	84.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	190.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	65.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	99.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	139.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	92.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	78.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	69.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	85.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	71.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	110.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	142.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	236.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	74.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	336.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	127.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	123.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	94.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	95.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	119.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	104.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	150.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	96.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	181.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	77.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98d	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98e	Port Huron, MI: St. Clair County International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb98f	Point Hope, AK: Point Hope Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb990	Pacific Harbour, Fiji: Nanuku Resort
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb991	Phitsanulok, Thailand: Phitsanulok Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb992	Paris, TN: Henry County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb993	Phalaborwa, South Africa: Kruger Park Gateway
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	Phoenix, AZ: Phoenix Sky Harbor International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	89.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	122.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	135.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	80.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	161.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	83.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	197.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	97.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	113.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	105.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	74.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	101.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	87.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	73.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	103.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	220.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	126.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	116.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	122.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	81.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	75.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	94.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	150.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	498.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	149.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	179.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	123.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	240.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	126.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	150.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	210.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	120.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	122.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	183.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	200.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	160.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	107.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	106.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	196.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	146.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	102.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	154.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	91.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	74.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	80.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	69.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	148.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	88.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	73.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	171.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	102.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	82.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	94.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	95.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	76.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	128.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	95.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb994	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb995	Peoria, IL: General Downing - Peoria International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb995	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb995	135.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb995	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb995	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb995	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb995	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb995	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb995	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb995	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb995	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb995	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb995	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb995	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb995	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb995	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb995	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb995	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb995	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb995	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb995	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb995	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb995	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb995	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb995	217.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb995	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb995	137.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb995	135.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb995	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb995	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb995	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb995	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb995	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb995	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb996	Hattiesburg/Laurel, MS: Hattiesburg-Laurel Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb996	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb996	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb996	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb996	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb996	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9ac	Pine Cay, Turks and Caicos Islands: Pine Cay British West Indies
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9ad	Nassau/Paradise Island, The Bahamas: Nassau-Paradise Island
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9ae	St. Petersburg, FL: St Pete Clearwater International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9af	Pocatello, ID: Pocatello Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9af	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9af	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9af	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9af	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9af	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9af	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9af	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9b0	Fairbanks, AK: Phillips Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9b1	Glasgow/Prestwick, United Kingdom: Prestwick
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9b2	Pine Mountain, GA: Harris County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9b3	Parintins, Brazil: Parintins Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9b4	Pisco, Peru: Pisco International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9b5	Pilot Point, AK: Pilot Point Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cb	Pierre, SD: Pierre Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cc	Poitiers, France: Poitiers Biard
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	Pittsburgh, PA: Pittsburgh International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	368.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	94.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	89.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	73.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	312.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	203.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	72.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	128.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	97.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cd	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9ce	Piura, Peru: Capitan FAP Guillermo Concha Iberico
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9cf	Pico Island, Portugal: Pico
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9d0	Point Lay, AK: Point Lay LRRS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9d1	Payson, AZ: Payson Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9d2	Panjgur, Pakistan: Panjgur Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9d3	Puerto Jimenez, Costa Rica: Puerto Jimenez Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9d4	Port San Juan, AK: Port San Juan Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9ea	Napaskiak, AK: Napaskiak Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9eb	Parkersburg, WV: Mid-Ohio Valley Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9ec	Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky, Russia: Yelizovo
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9ed	Park Rapids, MN: Park Rapids Municipal-Konshok Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9ee	Parkes, Australia: Parkes Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9ef	Porto-Kheli, Greece: Porto Heli
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9f0	Pakokku, Burma: Pakhokku
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9f2	Pokhara, Nepal: Pokhara Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fb9f3	Pekanbaru, Indonesia: Simpang Tiga
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba09	Selebi-Phikwe, Botswana: Selebi-Phikwe Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba0a	Pakse, Laos: Pakse International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba0b	Planadas, Colombia: Planadas Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba0c	Plattsburgh, NY: Clinton County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba0d	Planeta Rica, Colombia: Planeta Rica Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba0e	Plymouth, United Kingdom: Plymouth Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba10	Point Lookout, MO: M. Graham Clark Downtown
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba11	Ponta Pelada, Brazil: Ponta Pelada Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba12	Palembang, Indonesia: Sultan Mahmud Badaruddin II
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba28	Pellston, MI: Pellston Regional Airport of Emmet County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba28	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba28	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba28	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba28	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba29	Port Lincoln, Australia: Port Lincoln Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba2a	Palanga, Lithuania: Palanga International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba2b	Providenciales, Turks and Caicos Islands: Providenciales International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba2c	Plato, Colombia: Plato Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba2d	Belo Horizonte, Brazil: Pampulha Carlos Drummond de Andrade
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba2e	Palu, Indonesia: Palu Celebes-Mutiara Indon.
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba2f	Plymouth, IN: Plymouth Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba30	Port Elizabeth, South Africa: Port Elizabeth International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba31	Pemba Island, Tanzania: Pemba
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba47	Pembina, ND: Pembina Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba48	Puerto Montt, Chile: El Tepual International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba49	Palmdale, CA: Palmdale USAF Plant 42
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba4a	Parma, Italy: Parma Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba4b	Ponta Pora, Brazil: Ponta Pora Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba4c	Portsmouth, OH: Greater Portsmouth Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba4d	Palma Mallorca, Spain: Palma de Mallorca
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba4e	Port Moller, AK: Port Moller Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba4f	Palermo, Italy: Palermo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba50	Pimaga, Papua New Guinea: Pimaga Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba66	Perito Moreno, Argentina: Perito Moreno Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba67	Palmerston, New Zealand: Palmerston North
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba68	Palmyra, Syria: Palmyra Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba69	Paimiut, AK: Paimiut Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba6a	Porlamar, Venezuela: General Santiago Marino International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba6b	Palmas, Brazil: Palmas Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba6c	El Tehuelche, Argentina: Puerto Madryn
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba6d	Palmar, Costa Rica: Palmar Sur
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba6e	Pamplona, Spain: Pamplona Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba6f	Porto Nacional, Brazil: Porto Nacional Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba85	Ponca City, OK: Ponca City Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba86	Punta Gorda, Belize: Punta Gorda Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba87	Philadelphia, PA: Northeast Philadelphia
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba88	Peterson's Point, AK: Peterson's Point Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba89	Paranagua, Brazil: Paranagua Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba8a	Phnom Penh, Cambodia: Phnom Penh International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba8b	Pohnpei, Federated States of Micronesia: Pohnpei International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba8c	Pontianak, Indonesia: Supadio
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba8d	Pantelleria, Italy: Pantelleria Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fba8e	Pinotepa, Mexico: Pinotepa Nacional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa4	Popondetta, Papua New Guinea: Girua
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa5	Pune, India: Pune Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa6	Pointe Noire, Congo (Brazaville): Pointe Noire Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	Pensacola, FL: Pensacola International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	169.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	176.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa8	Sherman-Denison, TX: Sherman-Denison Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaa9	Petrolina, Brazil: Petrolina Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaaa	Porto Alegre, Brazil: Salgado Filho
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaab	Fayetteville, NC: Pope AAF
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaac	La Verne, CA: Brackett Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbaad	Port Frederick, AK: Port Frederick Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbd4e	Fort Polk, LA: Polk AAF
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbd4f	Poplar Bluff, MO: Hayes Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbd50	Port Gentil, Gabon: Port Gentil Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbd51	Pocahontas, IA: Pocahontas Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbd52	Potosi, Bolivia: Capitan Nicolas Rojas
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbd53	Pemba, Mozambique: Pemba Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbd54	Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea: Port Moresby International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbd55	Puerto Plata, Dominican Republic: Gregorio Luperon International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbd56	Polk Inlet, AK: Polk Inlet Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbd57	Pori, Finland: Pori Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbd6d	Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago: Piarco
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbd6e	Port Antonio, Jamaica: Ken Jones
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbd6f	Poughkeepsie, NY: Dutchess County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbd70	Portoroz, Slovenia: Portoroz Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbd71	Pontoise, France: Pontoise Cormeilles en Vexin
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbd72	Powell, WY: Powell Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbd73	Poznan, Poland: Lawica
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbd74	Pres. Prudente, Brazil: A. de Barros
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbd75	Prospect Creek, AK: Prospect Creek Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbd76	Humacao, PR: Palmas del Mar Airstrip
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbd8c	Puerto Penasco, Mexico: Puerto Penasco Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbd8d	Parsons, KS: Tri City
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbd8e	Pago Pago, TT: Pago Pago International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbd8e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbd8f	Pompano Beach, FL: Pompano Beach Airpark
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbd90	Popayan, Colombia: Machangara
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbd91	Powell Point, The Bahamas: Powell Point Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbd92	Proserpine, Australia: Proserpine Whitsunday Coast
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbd93	Puerto Princesa, Philippines: Puerto Princesa Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbd94	Papeete, French Polynesia: Tahiti Faa'a
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbd95	Port Protection, AK: Port Protection Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbdab	Puerto Paez, Venezuela: Puerto Paez Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbdac	Presque Isle/Houlton, ME: Northern Maine Regional at Presque Isle
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbdad	Palenque, Mexico: Palenque International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbdae	Port Macquarie, Australia: Port Macquarie Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbdaf	Pilot Station, AK: Pilot Station Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbdb0	Parana, Argentina: General Urquiza
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbdb1	Paso Robles, CA: Paso Robles Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbdb2	Prescott, AZ: Ernest A. Love Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbdb3	Pine Ridge, SD: Pine Ridge Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbdb4	Prague, Czech Republic: Ruzyne
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbdca	Praslin, Seychelles: Praslin Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbdcb	Capri, Italy: Capri Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbdcd	Pristina, Kosovo: Pristina Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbdce	Point Retreat, AK: Coast Guard Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbdcf	Pyay, Burma: Pyay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbdd0	Prerov, Czech Republic: Prerov Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbdd1	Paris, TX: Cox Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbdd2	Pretoria, South Africa: Wonderboom
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbdd3	Prineville, OR: Prineville Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbde9	Pisa, Italy: Pisa Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbdea	Philipsburg, PA: Mid State
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbdeb	Pasco/Kennewick/Richland, WA: Tri Cities
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbdeb	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbdeb	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbdeb	115.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbdeb	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbdeb	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbdeb	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbdeb	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbdeb	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbdeb	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbdeb	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbdeb	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbdeb	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbdeb	91.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbdeb	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbdeb	114.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbdec	Port Said, Egypt: Port Said Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbded	Ponce, PR: Mercedita
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbded	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbded	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbded	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbded	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbded	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbded	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbded	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbdee	Pittsfield, MA: Pittsfield Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbdef	Petersburg, AK: Petersburg James A Johnson
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbdef	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbdef	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbdef	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbdef	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbdef	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbdef	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbdf0	Pasni, Pakistan: Pasni Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbdf1	Dublin, VA: New River Valley
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbdf2	Portsmouth, NH: Portsmouth International at Pease
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe08	Palestine, TX: Palestine Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe09	Pasto, Colombia: Pasto Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	Palm Springs, CA: Palm Springs International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	143.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	170.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	110.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	74.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	93.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	76.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0b	Pescara, Italy: Pescara Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0c	Posadas, Argentina: Posadas Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0d	Palacios, TX: Palacios Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0e	Stanley, Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas): Stanley Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe0f	Puerto Suarez, Bolivia: Tte Av Salvador Ogaya G International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe10	Port Alsworth, AK: Port Alsworth Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe11	Port Alice, AK: Port Alice Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe27	Port Alexander, AK: Port Alexander Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe28	Malolo Lailai, Fiji: Malolo Lailai Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe29	Polokwane, South Africa: Polokwane International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe2a	Port Heiden, AK: Port Heiden Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe2b	Portland, Australia: Portland Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe2c	Pontiac, MI: Oakland County International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe2d	Port Armstrong, AK: Port Armstrong Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe2e	Patterson, LA: Harry P Williams Memorial
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe2f	Pointe A Pitre, Guadeloupe: Le Raizet
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe30	Pleasant Harbour, AK: Pleasant Harbour Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe46	Pittsburg, KS: Atkinson Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe47	Pratt, KS: Pratt Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe48	Platinum, AK: Platinum Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe49	Porterville, CA: Porterville Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe4a	Pottstown, PA: Heritage Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe4b	Pitalito, Colombia: Pitalito Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe4c	Panama City, Panama: Tocumen International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe4d	Pastaza, Ecuador: Rio Amazonas
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe4e	Pueblo, CO: Pueblo Memorial
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe4e	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe4e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe4e	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe4e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe4e	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe4e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe4f	Price, UT: Carbon County Regional/Buck Davis Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe65	Puerto Deseado, Argentina: Puerto Deseado Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe66	Pau, France: Pau Pyrenees
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe67	Port Augusta, Australia: Port Augusta Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe68	Punta Cana, Dominican Republic: Punta Cana International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe69	Pukarua, French Polynesia: Pukarua Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe6a	Poulsbo, WA: Port of Poulsbo Marina Moorage Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe6b	Prudhoe Bay, AK: Prudhoe Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe6c	Punta Arenas, Chile: Carlos Ibanez del Campo International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe6d	Puerto Rico, Bolivia: Puerto Rico Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fbe6e	Busan, South Korea: Gimhae International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc10f	Puttaparthi, India: Puttaprathe
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc110	Puerto Asis, Colombia: Puerto Asis Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc111	Poum, New Caledonia: Poum Sommet
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc112	Pullman, WA: Pullman Moscow Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc113	Pula, Croatia: Pula Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc114	Puerto Cabezas, Nicaragua: Puerto Cabezas Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc115	Provincetown, MA: Provincetown Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	Providence, RI: Theodore Francis Green State
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	80.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	83.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	77.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	95.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc116	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc117	Placerville, CA: Placerville Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc118	Shanghai, China: Pudong
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc12e	Porto Velho, Brazil: Governador Jorge Teixeira de Oliveira
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc12f	Preveza, Greece: Aktio
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc130	Puerto Vallarta, Mexico: Licenciado Gustavo Diaz Ordaz International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc131	Provideniya, Russia: Provideniya Bay
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc132	Provo, UT: Provo Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc133	Plainview, TX: Hale County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc134	Pope Vanoy, AK: Pope Vanoy Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc135	Painesville, OH: Casement
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc136	Oklahoma City, OK: Wiley Post
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc137	Pevek, Russia: Pevek Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc14d	Chicago, IL: Chicago Executive
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc14e	Portland, ME: Portland International Jetport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc14e	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc14e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc14e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc14e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc14e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc14e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc14e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc14e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc14e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc14e	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc14e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc14e	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc14e	97.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc14e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc14e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc14e	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc14e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc14e	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc14e	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc14e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc14e	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc14e	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc14f	Big Port Walter, AK: Big and Little Port Walter
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc150	Bremerton, WA: Bremerton National
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc151	Puerto Escondido, Mexico: Puerto Escondido International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc152	Porto Santo, Portugal: Porto Santo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc153	Pleiku, Vietnam: Pleiku Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc154	Port Ashton, AK: Port Ashton Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc155	Jeypore, India: Jeypore Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc156	Puerto Ayacucho, Venezuela: Puerto Ayacucho Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc16c	Polyarnyj, Russia: Polyarnyj Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc16d	Perry Island, AK: Perry Island Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc16e	Plymouth, MA: Plymouth Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc16f	Pyrgos, Greece: Andravida
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc170	Paz de Ariporo, Colombia: Paz de Ariporo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc171	Pietermaritzburg, South Africa: Pietermaritzburg Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc172	Penzance, United Kingdom: Penzance Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc173	Puerto Ordaz, Venezuela: General Manuel Carlos Piar
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc174	Port Sudan, Sudan: Port Sudan Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc175	Piestany, Slovakia: Piestany International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc18c	Jackpot, NV: Jackpot/Hayden Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc18e	Alcantara, Brazil: Centro de Lancamento de Alcantara
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc18f	Globe, AZ: San Carlos Apache
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc190	Port Clinton, OH: Erie Ottawa International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc191	Kelleys Island, OH: Kelleys Island Land Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc192	Lyndonville, VT: Caledonia County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc193	Houston, TX: Astrodomain Helipad
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc1ac	Marina del Ray, CA: Marina del Ray Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc1af	Bella Coola, Canada: Bella Coola Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc1b2	Lathrop Wells, NV: Jackass Aeropark
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc1b3	Green River, UT: Oman Ranch
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc1c9	Put-In-Bay, OH: Put-In-Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc1ca	Middle Bass Island, OH: Middle Bass Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc1ce	Indian Creek, ID: Indian Creek Usfs
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc1cf	Abilene, KS: Abilene Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc1d0	North Bass Island, OH: North Bass Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc1d1	Mont Laurier, Canada: Mont Laurier Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc1e9	Culpeper, VA: Culpeper Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc1eb	Chah Bahar, Iran: Konarak
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc1ed	Levelland, TX: Levelland Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc1ef	Crane Island, WA: Crane Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc1f0	Martinsville, VA: Blue Ridge
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc1f1	Dracena, Brazil: Dracena Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc207	Dammam, Saudi Arabia: King Fahd International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc20a	Emerald Bay, CA: Emerald Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc20b	Boufarik, Algeria: Boufarik Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc20d	Avalon, CA: Camp Fox
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc20e	Houghton, MI: Grognet Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc20f	Houston, TX: Astroworld Helipad
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc227	Houston, TX: Houston Metro-/Ho
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc228	Isle Royale Park, MI: Isle Royale National Park
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc229	Jubail, Saudi Arabia: Jubail Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc22b	Kona Village, HI: Kona Keahole
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc22d	Kennesaw, GA: Cobb County McCollum Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc22f	Houston, TX: Marriot Helipad Hou.
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc4d0	Mansfield, MA: Mansfield Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc4d3	Rio Negrinho, Brazil: Aeroclube de Rio Negrinho
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc4d6	Orange, VA: Orange County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc4d8	Singapore, Singapore: Paya Lebar
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc4d9	Houston, TX: Post Oak Manor
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc4ef	Pittsfield, ME: Pittsfield Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc4f1	Keyes Point, AK: Keyes Point Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc4f2	Nimiuk Point, AK: Nimiuk Point Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc4f3	Boston, MA: Nashua Street Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc4f4	Sealing Point, AK: Sealing Point Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc4f6	Westminster, MD: Carroll County Regional/Jack B. Poage Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc50e	Stevensville, MT: Stevensville Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc510	Bonners Ferry, ID: Boundary County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc511	Shingletown, CA: Shingletown Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc512	Woodlake, CA: Woodlake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc515	Grass Valley, CA: Nevada County Air Park
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc52d	Peachtree City, GA: Atlanta Regional Falcon Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc52e	Window Rock, AZ: Window Rock Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc52f	Lupin, Canada: Lupin Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc531	Healdsburg, CA: Healdsburg Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc532	San Marcos, TX: San Marcos Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc535	Redondo Beach, CA: Redondo Beach Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc54c	Queretaro, Mexico: Queretaro International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc54d	Southbridge, MA: Southbridge Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc550	Paonia, CO: North Fork Valley
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc552	Rabaul, Papua New Guinea: Tokua
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc553	Racine, WI: John H. Batten
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc554	Tortola, British Virgin Islands: Roadtown Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc555	Arar, Saudi Arabia: Arar Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc56b	Rafha, Saudi Arabia: Rafha Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc56c	Praia, Cape Verde: Praia International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc56d	Rajkot, India: Rajkot Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc56e	Marrakech, Morocco: Menara
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc56f	Riverside, CA: Riverside Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc570	Ravenna, Italy: Ravenna Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc571	Ribeirao Preto, Brazil: Leite Lopes
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc572	Rapid City, SD: Rapid City Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc572	108.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc572	78.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc572	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc572	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc572	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc572	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc572	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc573	Avarua, Cook Islands: Rarotonga International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc574	Rasht, Iran: Sardar E Jangal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc58a	Raduzhnyi, Russia: Raduzhnyi Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc58b	Red Bank, NJ: Greely Helipad
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc58c	Rawala Kot, Pakistan: Rawalakot
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc58d	Rabat, Morocco: Rabat/Sale International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc58e	Ugashik, AK: Randy Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc58f	Dallas/Fort Worth, TX: Dallas Executive
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc590	Big Bear City, CA: Big Bear City Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc591	Roseburg, OR: Roseburg Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc592	Brooks Lodge, AK: Brooks Lodge Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc593	Red Bluff, CA: Red Bluff Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5a9	Fort Jefferson, FL: Fort Jefferson Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5aa	Robore, Bolivia: Robore Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5ab	Rio Branco, Brazil: Placido de Castro
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5ad	Ruby, AK: Ruby Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5ae	Rapid City, SD: Ellsworth AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5af	Richards Bay, South Africa: Richards Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5b0	Roche Harbor, WA: Roche Harbor Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5b1	Riohacha, Colombia: Almirante Padilla
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5b2	Richmond, Australia: Richmond Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5c8	Rochefort, France: Rochefort Charente Maritime
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5c9	Reconquista, Argentina: Reconquista Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5ca	Reed City, MI: Miller Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5cb	Rio Curato, Argentina: Rio Cuarto
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5cc	Rockhampton Downs, Australia: Rockhampton Downs Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5cd	Red Dog, AK: Red Dog Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5ce	Redencao, Brazil: Redencao Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5cf	Redding, CA: Redding Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5cf	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5cf	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5cf	134.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5cf	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5cf	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5cf	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5cf	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5cf	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5cf	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5d0	Reading, PA: Reading Regional/Carl A Spaatz Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5d1	Bend/Redmond, OR: Roberts Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5d1	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5d1	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5d1	98.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5d1	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5d1	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5d1	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5d1	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5d1	131.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5d1	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5d1	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5d1	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e7	Red River, ND: Grand Forks AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e8	Richard-Toll, Senegal: Richard-Toll Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	Raleigh/Durham, NC: Raleigh-Durham International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	108.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	71.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	72.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	165.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	94.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	81.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	95.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	109.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	71.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	149.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	99.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	89.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	114.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	99.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5e9	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5ea	Red Devil, AK: Red Devil Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5eb	Rodez, France: Rodez Aveyron
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5ec	Redlands, CA: Redlands Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5ed	Recife, Brazil: Guararapes Gilberto Freyre International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5ee	Reedsville, PA: Mifflin County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5ef	Lubbock, TX: Reese AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc5f0	Reggio Calabria, Italy: Reggio Calabria Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc891	Rehoboth, DE: Rehoboth Aircrafters
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc892	Reykjavik, Iceland: Reykjavik Metropolitan Area
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc893	Trelew, Argentina: Almirante Zar
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc895	Orenburg, Russia: Orenburg Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc896	Siem Reap, Cambodia: Siem Reap International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc897	Retalhuleu, Guatemala: Retalhuleu Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc898	Resistencia, Argentina: Resistencia Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc899	Rost, Norway: Rost Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc89a	Reus, Spain: Reus Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8b0	Reynosa, Mexico: General Lucio Blanco International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8b1	Reyes, Bolivia: Reyes Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8b2	Rockford, IL: Chicago/Rockford International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8b3	Raiatea, French Polynesia: Raiatea Uturoa
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8b4	Rio Grande, Argentina: Rio Grande Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8b5	Tuamoto Islands, French Polynesia: Rangiroa
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8b6	Rio Gallegos, Argentina: Rio Gallegos Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8b7	Yangon, Burma: Yangon International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8b8	Rengat, Indonesia: Japura
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8b9	Reims, France: Champagne
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8cf	Rhinelander, WI: Rhinelander/Oneida County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8cf	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8cf	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8cf	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8cf	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8cf	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8cf	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8cf	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d0	Rhodes, Greece: Diagoras
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d1	Santa Maria, Brazil: Santa Maria Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d2	Riberalta, Bolivia: Cap Av Selin Zeitun Lopez
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	Richmond, VA: Richmond International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	175.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	84.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	81.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	103.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d4	Richmond, IN: Richmond Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d5	Rice Lake, WI: Rice Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d6	Richfield, UT: Richfield Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d7	Rio Grande, Brazil: Rio Grande Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8d8	Rioja, Peru: Rioja Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8ee	Rifle, CO: Garfield County Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8ef	Rio de Janeiro, Brazil: Rio de Janeiro Metropolitan Area
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8f0	Riverside, CA: Flabob
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8f1	Riverside, CA: March ARB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8f2	Riverton/Lander, WY: Riverton Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8f3	Riga, Latvia: Riga International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8f4	Riyan Mukalla, Yemen: Mukalla International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8f5	Rijeka, Croatia: Rijeka Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8f6	Logrono, Spain: Logrono Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc8f7	Rockland, ME: Knox County Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc90d	Copenhagen, Denmark: Roskilde
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc90e	Rockport, TX: Aransas County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc90f	Poteau, OK: Robert S Kerr
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc910	Rock Springs, WY: Rock Springs Sweetwater County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc910	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc910	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc910	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc910	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc910	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc910	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc910	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc910	138.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc910	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc910	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc910	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc910	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc910	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc911	Ras Al Khaimah, United Arab Emirates: Ras Al Khaimah International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc912	Reykjavik, Iceland: Reykjavik Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc913	Rockwood, TN: Rockwood Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc914	Rolla, MO: Rolla Downtown
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc915	Richland, WA: Richland Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc916	Rostock-Laage, Germany: Laage
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc92c	Arlit, Niger: Arlit Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc92d	Bornite/Ruby Creek, AK: Bornite Upper
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc92e	Roma, Australia: Roma Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc92f	Rome, NY: Griffiss International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc930	Rome, GA: Richard B Russell Regional J H Towers Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc931	Rimini, Italy: Rimini Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc932	Colombo, Sri Lanka: Colombo/Ratmalana
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc933	Stafford, VA: Stafford Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc934	Ormoc, Philippines: Ormoc Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc935	Rampart, AK: Rampart Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc94b	Taichung, Taiwan: Taichung Ching Chuan Kang
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc94c	Ramstein, Germany: Ramstein AB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc94d	Rimatara, French Polynesia: Rimatara Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc94e	Ronneby, Sweden: Ronneby Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc94f	McMinnville, TN: Warren County Memorial
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc950	San Antonio, TX: Randolph AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc951	Roanne, France: Roanne Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc952	Rangely, CO: Rangely Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc953	Corn Island, Nicaragua: Corn Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc954	Ronne, Denmark: Bornholm Ronne
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	Reno, NV: Reno/Tahoe International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	76.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	149.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	83.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	86.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	71.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96b	Rennes, France: Rennes Saint Jacques
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96c	Renton, WA: Renton Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96d	Ranau, Malaysia: Ranau Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96e	Roanoke, VA: Roanoke Regional/Woodrum Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96e	109.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96e	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96e	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96e	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc96f	Monrovia, Liberia: Monrovia Roberts International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	Rochester, NY: Greater Rochester International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	163.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	116.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	72.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	109.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc970	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc971	Rogers, AR: Rogers Municipal Carter Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc972	Rockhampton, Australia: Rockhampton Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc973	Roosevelt, UT: Roosevelt Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc989	Rome, Italy: Rome Metropolitan Area
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc98a	Rondonopolis, Brazil: Rondonopolis Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc98b	Rota, TT: Benjamin Taisacan Manglona International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc98c	Koror, Palau: Babelthuap
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc98d	Rosario, Argentina: Rosario Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc98e	Rotorua, New Zealand: Rotorua Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc98f	Russe, Bulgaria: Bulg
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc990	Rostov, Russia: Rostov Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc991	Roswell, NM: Roswell International Air Center
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc991	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc991	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc991	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc991	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc991	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc991	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc991	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc991	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc992	Roseau, MN: Roseau Municipal/Rudy Billberg Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc9a8	Rosh-Pina, Israel: Izhak Ben Yaakov
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc9a9	Raipur, India: Swami Vivekananda
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc9aa	Roundup, MT: Roundup Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc9ab	Lone Pine, CA: Lone Pine Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc9ac	Atomic City, ID: Big Southern Butte
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc9ad	Harlowton, MT: Wheatland County at Harlowton
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc9ae	Mendota, CA: William Robert Johnston Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc9af	Prosser, WA: Prosser Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc9b0	Lincolnton, NC: Lincolnton-Lincoln County Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fc9b1	Covington, TN: Covington Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcc52	Perkasie, PA: Pennridge
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcc53	Nixon Fork Mine, AK: Nixon Fork Mine Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcc54	Jafr, Jordan: King Feisal AB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcc55	China Lake, CA: China Lake Naws
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcc56	Lowell, IN: Lowell Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcc57	Sterling, MA: Sterling Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcc58	Cave Junction, OR: Illinois Valley
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcc59	Seneca, NY: Seneca AAF
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcc5a	Lovington, NM: Lea County-Zip Franklin Memorial
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcc5b	Woodland, CA: Watts/Woodland
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcc71	Harbor Springs, MI: Harbor Springs Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcc72	Springwater, Canada: Springwater Barrie Airpark
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcc73	Lubbock, TX: Lubbock Executive Airpark
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcc74	Wasco, CA: Wasco-Kern County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcc75	Salt Lake City, UT: South Valley Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcc76	Parowan, UT: Parowan Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcc77	Burlington, CO: Kit Carson County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcc78	Comanche, TX: Comanche County-City
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcc79	Mary Esther, FL: Hurlburt Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcc90	Rodrigues Island, Mauritius: Sir Gaetan Duval
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcc91	Rourkela, India: Rourkela Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcc92	Roros, Norway: Roros Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcc93	Warroad, MN: Warroad International Memorial
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcc94	Santa Rosa, Argentina: Santa Rosa Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcc95	Skulte, U.S.S.R.: Skulte Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcc96	Rock Sound, The Bahamas: Rock Sound Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcc97	Russian Mission, AK: Russian Mission Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcc98	Rosario, WA: Rosario Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcc99	Russell, KS: Russell Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccaf	Ruston, LA: Ruston Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb0	Raspberry Strait, AK: Raspberry Straits
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb1	Roseires, Sudan: Roseires Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb2	Rochester, MN: Rochester International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb2	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb2	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb2	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb2	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb2	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb2	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb2	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb2	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb2	179.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb2	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb2	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb3	Yosu, South Korea: Yeosu
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	Fort Myers, FL: Southwest Florida International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	116.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	80.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	98.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	119.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	185.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	75.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	135.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	97.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	132.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	93.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	151.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	96.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	484.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	75.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	100.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb4	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb5	Rotuma, Fiji: Rotuma Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb6	Roatan Island, Honduras: Juan Manuel Galvez International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb7	Marguerite Bay, AK: Marguerite Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccb8	Rotterdam, Netherlands: Rotterdam Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccce	Raton, NM: Raton Municipal/Crews Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcccf	Colton, CA: Morrow Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccd0	Rottnest Island, Australia: Rottnest Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccd1	Keperveyem, Russia: Keperveyem Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccd2	Ramenskoye, Russia: Ramenskoye Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccd3	Riyadh, Saudi Arabia: King Khalid International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccd4	Ruidoso, NM: Sierra Blanca Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccd5	Reunion Island, Reunion: La Reunion Roland Garros
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccd6	Rutland, VT: Rutland - Southern Vermont Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccd7	Rubelsanto, Guatemala: Rubelsanto Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccee	Farafangana, Madagascar: Farafangana Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccef	Rovaniemi, Finland: Rovaniemi Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccf0	Tulsa, OK: Richard Lloyd Jones Jr.
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccf1	Rivera, Uruguay: Cerro Chapeu
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccf2	Rowan Bay, AK: Rowan Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccf3	Rocky Mount, NC: Rocky Mount-Wilson Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccf4	Rawlins, WY: Rawlins Municipal/Harvey Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccf5	Rodman Bay, AK: Rodman Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fccf6	Roxas City, Philippines: Roxas
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd0c	Greeley, CO: Weld County Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd0d	Moss, Norway: Rygge
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd0e	Rahim Yar Khan, Pakistan: Sheikh Zayed International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd0f	Santa Cruz, Argentina: Santa Cruz Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd10	Rzeszow, Poland: Jasionka
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd11	Ramsar, Iran: Ramsar Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd12	Sawan, Pakistan: Sawan Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd14	Roanoke Rapids, NC: Halifax County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd15	Kalispell, MT: Kalispell City
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd2b	Saratoga, WY: Shively Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd2c	Saba, Bonaire, Sint Eustatius, and Saba: Juancho E. Yrausquin
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd2d	Sacramento, CA: Sacramento Executive
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd2e	Safford, AZ: Safford Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd2f	Santa Fe, NM: Santa Fe Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd2f	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd2f	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd2f	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd2f	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd2f	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd2f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd2f	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd2f	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd2f	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd30	Sagwon, AK: Sagwon Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd31	Sana'a, Yemen: Sana'a International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd32	San Salvador, El Salvador: Msgr Oscar A Romero and Galdamez International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd33	Salamo, Papua New Guinea: Salamo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	San Diego, CA: San Diego International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	87.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	145.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	201.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	71.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	106.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	109.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	104.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	267.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	72.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	111.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	103.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd34	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4a	Sao Paulo, Brazil: Sao Paulo Metropolitan Area
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4b	San Pedro Sula, Honduras: Ramon Villeda Morales International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4c	San Andros, The Bahamas: San Andros Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	San Antonio, TX: San Antonio International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	102.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	121.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	150.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	391.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	88.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	71.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	77.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	106.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	129.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	85.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	169.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	133.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	125.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	102.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	167.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4e	Sabu, Indonesia: Tardanu
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	Savannah, GA: Savannah/Hilton Head International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	201.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	100.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd4f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd50	Istanbul, Turkey: Sabiha Gokcen
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd51	Sambu, Panama: Sambu Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd52	Sienna, Italy: Ampugnano
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	Santa Barbara, CA: Santa Barbara Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	112.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	89.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	152.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	78.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd53	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd69	Selbang, Papua New Guinea: Selbang Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd6a	San Bernardino, CA: San Bernardino International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd6b	Saint Barthelemy, Saint Barthelemy: Saint Barthelemy Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd6c	St. Brieuc, France: St. Brieuc Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd6d	Santa Ana, Bolivia: Santa Ana del Yacuma
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd6e	Sheboygan, WI: Sheboygan County Memorial
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd6f	South Bend, IN: South Bend International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd6f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd6f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd6f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd6f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd6f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd6f	168.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd6f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd6f	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd6f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd6f	101.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd6f	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd6f	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd6f	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd6f	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd6f	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd6f	245.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd6f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd6f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd6f	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd6f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd6f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd6f	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd6f	139.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd6f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd6f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd6f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd6f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd6f	157.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd6f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd6f	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd6f	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd6f	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd6f	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd6f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd6f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd6f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd6f	155.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd6f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd6f	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd70	Salina, UT: Salina-Gunnison
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd71	San Luis Obispo, CA: San Luis County Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd71	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd71	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd71	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd71	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd71	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd71	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd71	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd71	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd71	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd71	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd71	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd71	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd71	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd71	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd71	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd71	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd71	123.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd71	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd71	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd71	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd71	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd71	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd71	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd71	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd71	74.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd71	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd71	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd71	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd71	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd71	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd71	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd71	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd71	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd71	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd71	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd71	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd71	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd71	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd71	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd71	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fcd72	Steamboat Springs, CO: Steamboat Springs/Bob Adams Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd013	San Bernardino, CA: Tri-City
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd014	Springbok, South Africa: Springbok Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd015	South Boston, VA: William M Tuck
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd016	Sibu, Malaysia: Sibu Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd017	Salisbury, MD: Salisbury-Ocean City/Wicomico Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd018	Sibiu, Romania: Sibiu Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd019	Beaufort, SC: Beaufort MCAS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd01a	Winnsboro, SC: Fairfield County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd01b	Conway, SC: Conway-Horry County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd01c	Deadhorse, AK: Deadhorse Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd01c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd01c	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd01c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd01c	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd01c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd01c	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd01c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd01c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd01c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd01c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd01c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd033	State College, PA: University Park
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd033	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd033	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd033	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd033	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd033	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd033	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd033	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd034	Phoenix, AZ: Scottsdale
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd035	Schenectady, NY: Schenectady County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd036	San Cristobal, Venezuela: San Cristobal Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd037	Smith Cove, AK: Smith Cove Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd038	Stockton, CA: Stockton Metropolitan
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd039	Santiago, Chile: Arturo Merino Benitez International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd03a	Scammon Bay, AK: Scammon Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd03b	Saarbrucken, Germany: Saarbrucken Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd051	Aktau, Kazakhstan: Shevchenko
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd052	Santiago de Compostela, Spain: Santiago
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd053	Santiago, Cuba: Antonio Maceo International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd054	Suceava, Romania: Stefan Cel Mare
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd055	Salina Cruz, Mexico: Nas Salina Cruz
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd056	San Cristobal, Ecuador: San Cristobal Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd057	Onida, SD: Onida Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd058	Baghdad, Iraq: Baghdad International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd059	Lubango, Angola: Lubango Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd05a	Santiago del Estero, Argentina: Santiago del Estero Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	Louisville, KY: Louisville International-Standiford Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	96.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	86.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	113.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd070	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd072	Santa Rosa de Copan, Honduras: Santa Rosa de Copan Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd073	Sendai, Japan: Sendai Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd074	Sandakan, Malaysia: Sandakan Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd075	Sundsvall, Sweden: Sundsvall Timra
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd076	San Diego, CA: Brown Field Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd077	Anda, Norway: Anda Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd078	Sandpoint, AK: Sand Point
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd079	Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic: De Las Americas International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd08f	Santander, Spain: Santander Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd090	Saidu Sharif, Pakistan: Saidu Sharif Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd091	Rio de Janeiro, Brazil: Santos Dumont
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd092	Tel Aviv, Israel: Sde Dov
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd093	Sedona, AZ: Sedona Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd094	Sidney, MT: Sidney/Richland Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd095	Solleftea, Sweden: Solleftea Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	Seattle, WA: Seattle/Tacoma International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	80.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	65.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	231.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	77.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	169.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	65.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	83.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	65.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	531.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	84.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	111.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	136.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	84.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	78.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	137.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	92.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	194.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	80.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	77.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	118.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	82.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	123.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	105.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	87.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	95.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	81.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	138.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	348.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	133.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	115.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	120.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	96.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	152.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	89.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	156.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	69.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	65.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	189.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	110.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	115.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd096	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd097	Sebha, Libya: Sebha Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd098	San Diego, CA: Gillespie Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ae	Sebring, FL: Sebring Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0af	Selinsgrove, PA: Penn Valley
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0b0	Seoul, South Korea: Kimpo International/Seoul Metropolitan Area
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0b1	Selma, AL: Craig Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0b2	Southend-On-Sea, United Kingdom: Southend
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0b3	Sungai Pakning, Indonesia: Sungai Pakning Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0b4	Seymour, IN: Freeman Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0b5	Selma, AL: Selfield
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0b6	Selibaby, Mauritania: Selibabi
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0b7	Mahe Islands, Seychelles: Seychelles International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0cd	Sfax, Tunisia: El Maou
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ce	Sanford, FL: Orlando Sanford International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0cf	Saint Francois, Guadeloupe: Saint Francois Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0d0	San Fernando, Venezuela: San Fernando de Apure
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0d1	Spokane, WA: Felts Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0d2	Grand Case, Saint Martin: L'Esperance
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0d3	San Felipe, Mexico: San Felipe International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0d4	Sondre Stromfjord, Greenland: Sondrestrom Air Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0d5	Sao Filipe, Cape Verde: Sao Filipe Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0d6	Sanford, ME: Sanford Seacoast Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ec	Santa Fe, Argentina: Sauce Viejo
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	San Francisco, CA: San Francisco International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	93.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	130.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	69.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	117.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	74.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	121.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	149.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	118.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	83.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	150.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	99.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	149.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	229.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	81.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	93.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	201.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	85.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	78.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	198.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	89.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	126.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	88.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	84.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	155.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	167.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	385.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	202.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	88.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	102.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	71.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	139.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	556.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	193.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	108.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	149.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	96.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	87.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	83.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	183.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	78.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	135.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	129.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	112.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	133.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	65.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	97.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	129.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	74.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	65.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	77.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	98.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	74.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	88.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	89.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	90.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	151.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	124.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	179.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	121.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	132.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	104.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	189.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	134.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	94.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	77.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	107.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	96.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	85.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	76.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	183.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	73.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	86.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	275.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	74.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	72.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	123.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	96.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	283.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	156.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	100.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	96.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	88.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	75.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	138.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	94.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	137.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	99.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	159.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ed	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ee	Surfers Paradise, Australia: Surfers Paradise Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0ef	Sanliurfa, Turkey: Sanliurfa Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0f0	Subic Bay, Philippines: Subic Bay International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0f1	Skelleftea, Sweden: Skelleftea Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0f2	Safia, Papua New Guinea: Safia Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0f3	Santa Fe, Panama: Santa Fe Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0f4	Smithfield, RI: North Central State
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd0f5	Singaua, Papua New Guinea: Singaua Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10b	Surgut, Russia: Surgut Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10c	Sonderborg, Denmark: Sonderborg Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10d	Siegen, Germany: Siegerland
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	Springfield, MO: Springfield-Branson National
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	83.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	200.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	116.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	99.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	110.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	223.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd10f	Simanggang, Malaysia: Simanggang Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd110	Springfield, OH: Springfield-Beckley Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd111	Sagarai, Papua New Guinea: Sagarai Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd113	San Ignacio, Mexico: San Ignacio Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd114	Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam: Tan Son Nhat International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd12a	St. George, Australia: Saint George
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd12b	Shay Gap, Australia: Shay Gap Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd12c	Sugar Land, TX: Sugar Land Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd12d	Stuttgart, AR: Stuttgart Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd12e	St. George, UT: St George Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd12e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd12e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd12e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd12e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd12e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd12e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd12e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd12e	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd12e	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd12e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd12e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd12e	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd12e	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd12e	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd12f	Saginaw Bay, AK: Saginaw
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd130	Songea, Tanzania: Songea Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd131	Skagway, AK: Skagway Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd132	Singora, Thailand: Songkhla
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd133	Shanghai, China: Hongqiao International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3d4	Nakashibetsu, Japan: Nakashibetsu Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3d5	Shire Indasilase, Ethiopia: Shire
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3d6	Staunton, VA: Shenandoah Valley Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3d7	Shenyang, China: Taoxian
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3d8	Shungnak, AK: Shungnak Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3d9	Shishmaref, AK: Shishmaref Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3da	Shimojishima, Japan: Shimojishima Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3db	Sharjah, United Arab Emirates: Sharjah International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3dc	Shillong, India: Barapani
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3dd	Nanki Shirahama, Japan: Nanki Shirahama Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f3	Shelton, WA: Sanderson Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f4	Sokcho, South Korea: G 407
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f5	Sheridan, WY: Sheridan County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f6	Smith Point, Australia: Smith Point Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	Shreveport, LA: Shreveport Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f7	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f8	Sharurah, Saudi Arabia: Sharurah Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3f9	Shageluk, AK: Shageluk Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3fa	Xi'an, China: Xi'an Xiguan
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3fb	Sal Island, Cape Verde: Amilcar Cabral International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd3fc	San Juan, PR: Isla Grande
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd412	Silgadi Doti, Nepal: Silgadi Doti Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd413	Sidi Ifni, Morocco: Sidi Ifni Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd414	Sikeston, MO: Sikeston Memorial Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd415	Simbai, Papua New Guinea: Simbai Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd416	Singapore, Singapore: Singapore Changi International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd417	Smithton, Australia: Smithton Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd418	Simferopol, Ukraine: Simferopol International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd419	Sishen, South Africa: Sishen Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd41a	Sitka, AK: Sitka Rocky Gutierrez
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd41a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd41a	81.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd41a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd41a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd41a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd41a	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd41a	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd41a	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd41a	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd41b	Siuna, Nicaragua: Siuna Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd431	Montague, CA: Siskiyou County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	San Jose, CA: Norman Y. Mineta San Jose International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	74.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	142.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	116.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	69.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	187.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	101.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	96.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	206.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	169.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	88.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	110.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	123.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	77.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd432	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd433	San Jose del Cabo, Mexico: Los Cabos International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd434	St. John, VI: St. John Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd435	San Jose, Philippines: San Jose Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd436	Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina: Sarajevo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd437	Sao Jose Dos Campos, Brazil: Professor Urbano Ernesto Stumpf
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd438	St. Johns, AZ: St. Johns Industrial Air Park
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd439	San Jose, Costa Rica: Juan Santamaria International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd43a	Sao Jose Do Rio Preto, Brazil: Sao Jose Do Rio Preto Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd450	Sesheke, Zambia: Sesheke Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd451	San Jose, Bolivia: San Jose de Chiquitos
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd452	San Angelo, TX: San Angelo Regional/Mathis Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd452	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd452	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd452	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd452	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd452	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd452	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd452	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd452	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd452	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd452	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd452	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd452	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd452	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd452	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	San Juan, PR: Luis Munoz Marin International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	131.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	198.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	80.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	84.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	86.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	91.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	73.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	131.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	209.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	166.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	132.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd453	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd454	San Javier, Bolivia: San Javier Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd455	Shijiazhuang, China: Zhengding
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd456	Seinajoki, Finland: Seinajoki Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd457	Sao Jorge Island, Portugal: Sao Jorge
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd458	Spokane, WA: Fairchild AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd459	St. Kitts, Saint Kitts and Nevis: Robert L. Bradshaw International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd46f	Suki, Papua New Guinea: Suki Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd470	Samarkand, Uzbekistan: Samarkand Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd471	Skien, Norway: Geiteryggen
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd472	San Antonio, TX: Lackland AFB (Kelly Field Annex)
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd473	Thessaloniki, Greece: Makedonia
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd474	Sitkinak, AK: Sitkinak CGS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd475	Shaktoolik, AK: Shaktoolik Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd476	Isle of Skye, United Kingdom: Isle of Skye Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd477	Stokmarknes, Norway: Skagen
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd478	Sokoto, Nigeria: Sokoto Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd48e	Skopje, Macedonia: Skopje Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd48f	Skrydstrup, Denmark: Skrydstrup Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd490	Skiros, Greece: Skiros Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd491	Skwentna, AK: Skwentna Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd492	Saransk, Russia: Saransk Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd493	Sandusky, OH: Griffing Sandusky
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd494	Sukkur, Pakistan: Begum Nusrat Bhutto
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd495	Salta, Argentina: Salta Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd496	Storm Lake, IA: Storm Lake Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	Salt Lake City, UT: Salt Lake City International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	165.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	105.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	165.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	475.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	160.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	165.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	96.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	122.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	85.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	109.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	80.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	69.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	153.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	131.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	82.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	82.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	120.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	77.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	65.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	213.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	173.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	167.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	133.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	84.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	103.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	148.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd497	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ad	Sliac, Slovakia: Sliac International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ae	Salem, OR: McNary Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4af	Sola, Vanuatu: Sola Vanua Lava
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4b0	Solwezi, Zambia: Solwezi Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4b1	Chandler, AZ: Stellar Airpark
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4b2	Saranac Lake/Lake Placid, NY: Adirondack Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4b3	Salalah, Oman: Salalah Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4b4	Salina, KS: Salina Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4b5	Salem, IL: Salem/Leckrone
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4b6	San Luis Potosi, Mexico: Ponciano Arriaga International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4cc	Sleetmute, AK: Sleetmute Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4cd	Sulphur Springs, TX: Sulphur Springs Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ce	Silistra, Bulgaria: Silistra Polkovnik-Lambrinovo
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4cf	Salida, CO: Harriet Alexander Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4d0	St. Lucia, Saint Lucia: George F. Charles
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4d1	Shimla, India: Shimla Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4d2	Saltillo, Mexico: Plan de Guadalupe International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4d3	Salt Cay, Turks and Caicos Islands: Salt Cay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4d4	Sao Luiz, Brazil: Marechal Cunha Machado International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4d5	Santa Maria, Portugal: Santa Maria Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4eb	Cerro El Sombrero, Chile: Franco Bianco
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ec	Santa Maria, Colombia: Santa Maria Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ed	Somerset, KY: Lake Cumberland Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	Sacramento, CA: Sacramento International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	74.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	116.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	77.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	110.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	86.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	58.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	135.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	99.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	126.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	118.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ee	64.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4ef	Samos, Greece: Samos Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4f0	St. Michael, AK: St. Michael Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4f1	Stella Maris, The Bahamas: Estate Airstrip
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4f2	Salmon, ID: Lemhi County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4f3	Santa Monica, CA: Santa Monica Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd4f4	Somerville, NJ: Somerset
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd795	Santa Marta, Colombia: Simon Bolivar
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd796	St. Marie, Madagascar: Sainte Marie
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd797	Stone Mountain, GA: Stone Mountain Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd798	Sheep Mountain, AK: Sheep Mountain Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd799	St. Moritz, Switzerland: Samedan
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79a	Santa Maria, CA: Santa Maria Public/Capt. G. Allan Hancock Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79a	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79a	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79b	Simenti, Senegal: Simenti Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79c	Stoelmanseiland, Suriname: Stoelmanseiland Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	Santa Ana, CA: John Wayne Airport-Orange County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	82.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	66.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	127.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd79e	Snake Bay, Australia: Snake Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd7b4	Salinas, Ecuador: General Ulpiano Paez
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd7b5	Sao Nicolau, Cape Verde: Preguica
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd7b6	San Felipe, Venezuela: Sub Teniente Nestor Arias
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd7b7	San Ignacio de Velasco, Bolivia: Cap. Av. Juan Cochamanidis Saucedo
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd7b8	Greenville/Sinoe, Liberia: Greenville/Sinoe Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd7b9	Snyder, TX: Winston Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd7ba	Shawnee, OK: Shawnee Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd7bb	San Ignacio de Moxos, Bolivia: San Ignacio de Moxos Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd7bc	Shannon, Ireland: Shannon Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd7bd	St. Paul, AK: St. Paul Island
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd7d3	San Quintin, Mexico: San Quintin Southeast
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd7d4	St. Nazaire, France: Saint Nazaire Montoir
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd7d5	Salinas/Monterey, CA: Salinas Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd7d6	Las Cruces, Colombia: Las Cruces Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd7d7	Santa Clara, Cuba: Abel Santamaria
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd7d8	Santa Elena, Venezuela: Wonkin
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd7d9	Thandwe, Burma: Thandwe Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd7da	Sidney, NE: Sidney Municipal/Lloyd W. Carr Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd7db	Solo City, Indonesia: Adi Soemarmo International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd7dc	Sofia, Bulgaria: Sofia Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd7f2	Sogndal, Norway: Haukasen
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd7f3	South Molle Island, Australia: S Molle
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd7f4	Sorkjosen, Norway: Sorkjosen Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd7f5	Semonkong, Lesotho: Semonkong Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd7f6	Solomon, AK: Solomon State Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd7f7	San Tome, Venezuela: San Tome Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd7f8	Espiritu Santo, Vanuatu: Espiritu
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd7fa	Pinehurst/Southern Pines, NC: Moore County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd7fb	Sorong, Indonesia: Sorong Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd812	Southampton, United Kingdom: Southampton Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd813	Seldovia, AK: Seldovia Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd814	Show Low, AZ: Show Low Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd815	Spartanburg, SC: Spartanburg Downtown Memorial
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd816	Charlotte Amalie, VI: Charlotte Amalie Harbor Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd817	Santa Cruz de la Palma, Spain: La Palma
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd818	Saidpur, Bangladesh: Saidpur Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd819	Sepulot, Malaysia: Sepulot Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd81a	Spearfish, SD: Black Hills Clyde Ice Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd830	Tampa, FL: Albert Whitted
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd831	Sopu, Papua New Guinea: Sopu Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd832	Springfield, IL: Abraham Lincoln Capital
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd832	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd832	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd832	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd832	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd832	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd832	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd832	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd832	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd832	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd832	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd832	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd832	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd833	Sapporo, Japan: Chitose AB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd834	Spangdahlem, Germany: Spangdahlem AB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd835	Saipan, TT: Francisco C. Ada Saipan International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd837	Menongue, Angola: Menongue Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd838	San Pedro, CA: Catalina Air-Sea Terminal Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd839	San Pedro, Belize: San Pedro Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd84f	Wichita Falls, TX: Sheppard AFB/Wichita Falls Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd84f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd84f	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd84f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd84f	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd84f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd84f	85.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd84f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd84f	200.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd84f	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd84f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd850	Split, Croatia: Split Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd851	Spencer, IA: Spencer Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd852	San Pedro, Cote d'Ivoire: San Pedro Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd853	Springdale, AR: Springdale Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd854	Santa Ynez, CA: Santa Ynez Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd855	Sterling/Rockfalls, IL: Whiteside County-Jos H. Bittorf Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd856	San Carlos, CA: San Carlos Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd857	Sanana, Indonesia: Emalamo
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd858	Storuman, Sweden: Storuman Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd86e	Siauliai, Lithuania: Siauliai International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd86f	Soroako, Indonesia: Soroako Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd870	Sequim, WA: Sequim Valley
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd871	Santa Rosa, Brazil: Santa Rosa Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd872	Santa Rosa, Bolivia: Santa Rosa Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd873	Searcy, AR: Searcy Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd874	Sucre, Bolivia: Juana Azurduy de Padilla
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd875	Novato, CA: Hamilton AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd876	Semarang, Indonesia: Ahmad Yani
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd877	Sarh, Chad: Sarh Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd88d	Samarinda, Indonesia: Samarinda Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd88e	San Borja, Bolivia: Capitan German Quiroga Guardia
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd88f	Santa Rosalia, Mexico: San Lucas
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd890	Strahan, Australia: Strahan Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd891	Santana Ramos, Colombia: Santana Ramos Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd892	Stord, Norway: Stord Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd893	Sarasota/Bradenton, FL: Sarasota/Bradenton International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd893	178.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd893	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd893	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd893	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd893	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd893	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd893	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd893	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd893	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd893	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd893	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd893	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd893	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd893	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd893	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd893	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd893	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd893	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd893	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd893	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd893	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd893	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd893	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd893	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd893	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd893	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd893	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd893	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd893	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd893	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd893	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd893	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd893	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd893	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd894	Stony River, AK: Stony River Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd895	Salisbury, NC: Rowan County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd896	Sert, Libya: Sirte International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd8ac	Santa Cruz, Bolivia: El Trompillo
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd8ad	Salvador, Brazil: Deputado Luis Eduardo Magalhaes
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd8ae	Christiansted, VI: Christiansted Harbor Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd8af	Sumter, SC: Shaw AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd8b0	Malabo, Equatorial Guinea: Malabo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd8b1	Sharm El Sheikh, Egypt: Sharm El Sheikh International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd8b2	Brunswick, GA: Malcolm McKinnon
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd8b3	Sandnessjoen, Norway: Stokka
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd8b4	Santa Rosalia, Colombia: Santa Rosalia Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@47fd8b5	Sault Ste. Marie, MI: Sault Ste. Marie Metropolitan Area
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a2b	Seoul, South Korea: Seoul AB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a2c	Siassi, Papua New Guinea: Siassi Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a2d	Santa Teresita, Argentina: Santa Teresita Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a2e	Stuart Island, WA: Stuart Island Airpark
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a2f	Samsun, Turkey: Samsun Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a30	Mbanza Congo, Angola: Mbanza Congo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a31	Stauning, Denmark: Stauning Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a32	Santa Barbara, Venezuela: Santa Barbara Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a33	St. Cloud, MN: St. Cloud Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a33	76.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a33	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a33	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a34	Santo Domingo, Venezuela: Mayor Guerrero Vivas
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a4a	Stevens Point, WI: Stevens Point Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a4b	Starkville, MS: George M. Bryan
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a4c	St. George Island, AK: St. George Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a4d	Santiago, Dominican Republic: Cibao International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a4e	St. Joseph, MO: Rosecrans Memorial
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a4f	Sterling, CO: Sterling Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	St. Louis, MO: Lambert-St. Louis International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	174.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	229.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	95.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	146.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	118.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	74.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	103.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	67.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	100.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	35.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	169.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	210.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	116.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	107.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	383.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	73.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	134.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	114.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	77.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a50	141.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a51	Santarem, Brazil: Eduardo Gomes
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a52	London, United Kingdom: London Stansted
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a53	Stockholm, Sweden: Stockholm Metropolitan Area
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a69	Minneapolis/St. Paul, MN: St. Paul Downtown Holman Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6a	St. Marys, PA: St. Marys Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6b	Stuttgart, Germany: Stuttgart Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6c	Santa Rosa, CA: Charles M. Schulz - Sonoma County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	Charlotte Amalie, VI: Cyril E King
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	117.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	167.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	45.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	90.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	119.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a6f	Stavropol, Russia: Shpakovskoye
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a70	Christiansted, VI: Henry E. Rohlsen
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a70	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a70	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a70	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a70	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a70	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a70	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a70	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a70	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a70	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a71	Salto, Uruguay: Nueva Hesperides International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a72	Santa Terezinha, Brazil: Santa Terezinha Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a88	Stuart, FL: Witham Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a89	Surabaya, Indonesia: Juanda
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a8a	Sundance, WY: Schloredt
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a8b	Sturgeon Bay, WI: Door County Cherryland
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a8c	Lamezia Terme, Italy: Lamezia Terme Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a8d	Surigao, Philippines: Surigao Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a8e	Sukhumi, Georgia: Babusheri
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a8f	Satu Mare, Romania: Satu Mare Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802a91	Sui, Pakistan: Sui Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802aa7	Sumter, SC: Sumter Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802aa8	Sun Valley/Hailey/Ketchum, ID: Friedman Memorial
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802aa8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802aa8	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802aa8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802aa8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802aa8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802aa8	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802aa8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802aa8	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802aa8	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802aa8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802aa9	Sunriver, OR: Sunriver Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802aaa	St. Louis, MO: Spirit of St. Louis
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802aab	Sumbawanga, Tanzania: Sumbawanga Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802aac	Fairfield, CA: Travis AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802aad	Suva, Fiji: Nausori International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802aae	Superior, WI: Richard I Bong
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802aaf	Sioux City, IA: Sioux Gateway/Col. Bud Day Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802aaf	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802aaf	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802aaf	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802ab0	Savoonga, AK: Savoonga Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802ac6	Sambava, Madagascar: Sambava Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802ac7	Silver City/Hurley, NM: Grant County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802ac8	St. Vincent, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines: E. T. Joshua
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802ac9	Stavanger, Norway: Sola
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802aca	Statesville, NC: Statesville Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802acb	Svolvaer, Norway: Helle
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802acc	Savonlinna, Finland: Savonlinna Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802acd	Savannah, GA: Hunter AAF
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802ace	Moscow, Russia: Sheremetyevo
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802acf	Kuito, Angola: Kuito Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802ae5	Seville, Spain: Seville Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802ae6	Stevens Village, AK: Stevens Village Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802ae7	Savusavu, Fiji: Savusavu Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802ae8	Sparrevohn, AK: Sparrevohn LRRS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802ae9	Ekaterinburg, Russia: Koltsovo
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802aea	San Antonio, Venezuela: San Antonio del Tachira
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802aeb	Shantou, China: Waisha
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802aec	Shaw River, Australia: Shaw River Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802aed	Stawell, Australia: Stawell Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802aee	Seward, AK: Seward Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b04	Newburgh/Poughkeepsie, NY: Stewart International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b04	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b04	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b04	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b04	189.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b04	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b04	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b04	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b06	Milan, Italy: Segrate
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b07	Spanish Wells, The Bahamas: Spanish Wells Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b08	Stillwater, OK: Stillwater Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b09	Sumbawa, Indonesia: Sumbawa Besar
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b0a	Swansea, United Kingdom: Swansea Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b0b	Suwon, South Korea: Suwon Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b0c	Sweetwater, TX: Avenger Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b0d	Strasbourg, France: Strasbourg Entzheim
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b23	Sale, Australia: West Sale
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b24	Berlin, Germany: Schonefeld
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b25	Senanga, Zambia: Senanga Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b26	Sligo, Ireland: Sligo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b27	Philipsburg, Sint Maarten: Princess Juliana International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b28	Sheldon Point, AK: Sheldon Point Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b29	Soldotna, AK: Soldotna Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b2a	Srinagar, India: Srinagar Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b2b	Soddu, Ethiopia: Soddu Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b2c	Sidney, NY: Sidney Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b42	Shemya, AK: Eareckson AS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b43	Seal Bay, AK: Seal Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b44	Sydney, Australia: Sydney International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b45	Shelbyville/Tullahoma, TN: Bomar Field-Shelbyville Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b46	Stanton, MN: Stanton Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b47	Shonai, Japan: Shonai Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b48	Syracuse, NY: Syracuse Hancock International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b48	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b48	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b48	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b48	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b48	110.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b48	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b48	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b48	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b48	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b48	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b48	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b48	78.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b48	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b48	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b48	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b48	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b48	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b48	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b48	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b48	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b48	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b48	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b48	51.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b48	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b48	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b48	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b48	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b48	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b48	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b48	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b48	71.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b48	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b48	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b48	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b48	92.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b49	Saint-Yan, France: Saint-Yan Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b4a	Sanya, China: Phoenix International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802b4b	Stornoway, United Kingdom: Stornoway Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802dec	Shiraz, Iran: Shahid Dastghaib International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802ded	Soyo, Angola: Soyo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802dee	Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia: Sultan Abdul Aziz Shah International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802def	Santa Cruz, Costa Rica: Santa Cruz Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802df0	Sheffield, United Kingdom: Sheffield City
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802df1	Samsun, Turkey: Carsamba
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802df2	Salzburg, Austria: Salzburg Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802df3	Skukuza, South Africa: Skukuza Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802df4	Knob Noster, MO: Whiteman AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802df5	Szombathely, Hungary: Szombathely Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e0b	Santa Paula, CA: Santa Paula Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e0c	San Cristobal, Mexico: San Cristobal de Las Casas
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e0d	Schwerin, Germany: Schwerin Parchim
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e0e	Shenzhen, China: Bao'an International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e0f	Szczecin, Poland: Goleniow
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e10	Tobago, Trinidad and Tobago: A.N.R. Robinson International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e11	Tacloban, Philippines: Daniel Z. Romualdez
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e12	Trinidad, CO: Las Animas County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e13	Taegu, South Korea: Taegu International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e14	Oran, Algeria: Tafaraoui
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e2a	Tagbilaran, Philippines: Tagbilaran Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e2b	Tanna Island, Vanuatu: Tanna Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e2c	Taiz, Yemen: Taiz International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e2d	Takamatsu, Japan: Takamatsu Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e2e	Tanana, AK: Ralph M Calhoun Memorial
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e2f	Tampico, Mexico: General Francisco Javier Mina International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e31	Qingdao, China: Liuting
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e32	Tapachula, Mexico: Tapachula International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e33	Taranto, Italy: Taranto Grottaglie
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e49	Tashkent, Uzbekistan: Tashkent Yuzhny
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e4a	Poprad-Tatry, Slovakia: Poprad-Tatry International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e4b	Tau, TT: Tau Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e4c	Taliabu, Indonesia: Taliabu Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e4d	Tuy Hoa, Vietnam: Tuy Hoa Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e4e	Tabiteuea, Kiribati: Tabiteuea Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e4f	New Bight, The Bahamas: The Bight
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e50	Tableland, Australia: Tableland Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e51	Fort Leonard Wood, MO: Waynesville-St. Robert Regional Forney Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e52	Tabora, Tanzania: Tabora Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e68	Tumbes, Peru: Cap. FAP Pedro Canga Rodriguez
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e69	Statesboro, GA: Statesboro-Bulloch County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e6a	Tbilisi, Georgia: Tbilisi Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e6b	Tabatinga, Brazil: Tabatinga Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e6c	Tonga Tapu, Tonga: Fua Amotu International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e6d	Tabriz, Iran: Tabriz International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e6e	Tennant Creek, Australia: Tennant Creek Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e6f	Treasure Cay, The Bahamas: Treasure Cay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e70	Tucumcari, NM: Tucumcari Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e71	Tulcea, Romania: Delta Dunarii
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e87	Tocoa, Honduras: Tocoa Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e88	Tchibanga, Gabon: Tchibanga Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e89	Tenerife, Spain: Tenerife Metropolitan Area
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e8a	Tuscaloosa, AL: Tuscaloosa Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e8b	Tacoma, WA: McChord Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e8c	Tehuacan, Mexico: Tehuacan Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e8d	Tumaco, Colombia: La Florida
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e8e	Taba, Egypt: Taba International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e8f	Tacna, Peru: Coronel Carlos Ciriani Santa Rosa International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802e90	Truth Or Consequences, NM: Truth Or Consequences Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802ea6	Takotna, AK: Takotna Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802ea7	Trinidad, Colombia: San Luis de Palenque
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802ea8	Trinidad, Bolivia: Tte Av Jorge Henrich Arauz International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802ea9	Roxboro, NC: Person County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802eaa	Amarillo, TX: Tradewind
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802eab	Toledo, OH: Metcalf Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802eac	Tela, Honduras: Tela Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802ead	Teterboro, NJ: Teterboro Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802eae	Thisted, Denmark: Thisted Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802ec5	Tetlin, AK: Tetlin Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802ec6	Tatitlek, AK: Tatitlek Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802ec8	Teptep, Papua New Guinea: Teptep Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802ec9	Lajes, Portugal: Lajes Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802eca	Tete, Mozambique: Tete Chingodzi
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802ecb	Te Anau, New Zealand: Te Anau Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802ecc	Telluride, CO: Telluride Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802ecd	Tezpur, India: Tezpur Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802ece	Tefe, Brazil: Tefe Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802ee4	Tufi, Papua New Guinea: Tufi Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802ee5	Tenerife, Spain: Tenerife Norte
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802ee6	Tarbes/Lourdes/Pyrenees, France: Tarbes-Lourdes-Pyrenees
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802ee7	Tenerife, Spain: Tenerife Sur
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802ee8	Podgorica, Montenegro: Podgorica Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802ee9	Tuskegee, AL: Sharpe Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802eea	Kuala Trengganu, Malaysia: Kuala Trengganu Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802eeb	Tongoa, Vanuatu: Tongoa Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802eec	Tingo Maria, Peru: Tingo Maria Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802eed	Targu Mures, Romania: Transilvania Targu Mures
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802f03	Touggourt, Algeria: Touggourt/Sidi Mahdi
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802f04	Tanga, Tanzania: Tanga Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802f05	Tegucigalpa, Honduras: Toncontin International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802f07	Tuxtla Gutierrez, Mexico: Francisco Sarabia
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802f08	Tullahoma, TN: Tullahoma Regional Airport/William Northern Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802f09	Teresina, Brazil: Senador Petronio Portella
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802f0a	Berlin, Germany: Tempelhof
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802f0b	Biloela, Australia: Biloela (Thangool)
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4802f0c	Trollhattan, Sweden: Trollhattan Vanersborg
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48031ad	Thermopolis, WY: Hot Springs County Thermopolis Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48031ae	Tehran, Iran: Mehrabad International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48031af	Thule, Greenland: Thule Air Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48031b0	York, PA: York Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48031b1	Tahoua, Niger: Tahoua Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48031b2	Tirana, Albania: Tirana International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48031b3	Turiacu, Brazil: Turiacu Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48031b4	Tippi, Ethiopia: Tippi Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48031b5	Taif, Saudi Arabia: Taif Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48031b6	Tikehau, French Polynesia: Tikehau Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48031cc	Tijuana, Mexico: General Abelardo L. Rodriguez International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48031cd	Oklahoma City, OK: Tinker AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48031ce	Tembagapura, Indonesia: Moses Kilangin
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48031cf	Tindouf, Algeria: Tindouf Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48031d0	Tripoli, Libya: Tripoli International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48031d1	Tinian, TT: Tinian International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48031d2	Tirupati, India: Tirupati Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48031d3	Thursday Island, Australia: Horn Island
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48031d4	Timaru, New Zealand: Timaru Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48031d5	Tivat, Montenegro: Tivat Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48031eb	Tacoma, WA: Tacoma Narrows
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48031ec	Titusville, FL: Space Coast Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48031ed	Tidjikja, Mauritania: Tidjikja Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48031ee	Tari, Papua New Guinea: Tari Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48031ef	Tarija, Bolivia: Cap Av Oriel Lea Plaza International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48031f0	Trujillo, Honduras: Trujillo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48031f1	Tyumen, Russia: Roshchino
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48031f2	Ankara, Turkey: Akinci
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48031f3	Talkeetna, AK: Talkeetna Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48031f4	Tiko, Cameroon: Tiko Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480320a	Takoradi, Ghana: Takoradi Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480320b	Tenakee, AK: Tenakee Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480320c	Truckee, CA: Truckee Tahoe
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480320d	Bandar Lampung, Indonesia: Branti
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480320e	Takhli, Thailand: Takhli Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480320f	Tokeen, AK: Tokeen Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803210	Tok, AK: Tok Junction
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803211	Chuuk, Federated States of Micronesia: Chuuk International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803212	Taku Lodge, AK: Taku Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803213	Tikal, Guatemala: Tikal Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803229	Kigoma, Tanzania: Kigoma Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480322a	Thakurgaon, Bangladesh: Thakurgaon Stol Port
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480322b	Tokushima, Japan: Tokushima Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480322c	Tak, Thailand: Tak Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480322d	Turku, Finland: Turku Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480322e	Teller, AK: Teller Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480322f	Toluca, Mexico: Licenciado Adolfo Lopez Mateos International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803230	Tulear, Madagascar: Tulear Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803231	Telida, AK: Telida Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803232	Tallahassee, FL: Tallahassee International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803232	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803232	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803232	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803232	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803232	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803232	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803232	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803232	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803232	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803232	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803232	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803232	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803232	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803232	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803232	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803232	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803232	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803232	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803232	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803232	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803232	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803232	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803232	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803232	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803232	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803232	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803232	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803232	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803232	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803232	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803232	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803232	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803248	Tatalina, AK: Tatalina LRRS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480324a	Tallinn, Estonia: Lennart Meri Tallinn
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480324b	Tlemcen, Algeria: Zenata-Messali El Hadj
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480324c	Toulon/Hyeres, France: Hyeres Le Palyvestre
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480324d	Tulare, CA: Mefford Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480324e	Toulouse, France: Toulouse Blagnac
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480324f	Tuluksak, AK: Tuluksak Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803250	Tel Aviv, Israel: Ben Gurion
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803251	Tifton, GA: Henry Tift Myers
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803267	Miami, FL: Miami Executive
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803268	Timbedra, Mauritania: Timbedra Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803269	Tumlingtar, Nepal: Tumlingtar Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480326a	Tamale, Ghana: Tamale Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480326b	Tamatave, Madagascar: Toamasina
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480326c	Tampere, Finland: Tampere-Pirkkala
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480326d	Tamanrasset, Algeria: Aguemar
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480326e	Sao Tome Island, Sao Tome and Principe: Salazar
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480326f	Trombetas, Brazil: Trombetas Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803270	Tamworth, Australia: Tamworth Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803286	Lebanon, TN: Lebanon Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803287	Sparta, TN: Upper Cumberland Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803288	Lewisburg, TN: Ellington
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803289	Pulaski, TN: Abernathy Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480328a	Lexington, TN: Franklin Wilkins
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480328b	Dyersburg, TN: Dyersburg Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480328c	Winchester, TN: Winchester Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480328d	Jinan, China: Yaoqiang
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480328e	Tin City, AK: Tin City LRRS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480328f	Tanegashima, Japan: Tanegashima Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48032a5	Tangier, Morocco: Tanger Ibn Batouta International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48032a6	Tandjungpinang, Indonesia: Kidjang
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48032a7	Tununak, AK: Tununak Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48032a8	Tainan, Taiwan: Tainan Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48032a9	Twentynine Palms, CA: Twentynine Palms Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48032aa	Antananarivo, Madagascar: Ivato
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48032ab	Miami, FL: Dade-Collier Training and Transition
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48032ac	Newton, IA: Newton Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48032ad	Stung Treng, Cambodia: Stung Treng Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48032ae	Torrance, CA: Zamperini Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48032c4	Tobruk, Libya: Tobruk Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48032c6	Tozeur, Tunisia: Nefta
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48032c7	Togiak, AK: Togiak Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48032c8	Madrid, Spain: Torrejon AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48032c9	Toledo, OH: Toledo Express
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48032c9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48032c9	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48032c9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48032c9	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48032c9	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48032c9	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48032c9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48032c9	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48032c9	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48032ca	Tombouctou, Mali: Tombouctou Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48032cb	Topeka, KS: Philip Billard Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48032cc	Tocopilla, Chile: Barriles
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48032cd	Torrington, WY: Torrington Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480356e	Tromso, Norway: Langnes
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480356f	Touho, New Caledonia: Touho Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803570	Tortola, British Virgin Islands: Tortola West End Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803571	Toyama, Japan: Toyama Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	Tampa, FL: Tampa International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	94.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	168.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	513.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	112.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	55.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	85.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	179.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	148.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	69.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	101.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	406.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	145.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	115.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	124.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	80.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	144.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	197.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	124.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	108.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	76.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	113.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	97.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	116.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	161.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	68.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	96.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	47.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	57.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	48.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	121.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	42.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	52.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	106.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	23.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	138.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	21.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	74.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	164.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803572	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803573	Topeka, KS: Allen Air Park
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803574	Taipei, Taiwan: Taiwan Taoyuan International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803575	Tampa, FL: Peter O'Knight
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803576	Tonopah, NV: Tonopah Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803577	Tapini, Papua New Guinea: Tapini Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480358d	Temple, TX: Draughon-Miller Central Texas Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480358f	Tarapoto, Peru: Tarapoto Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803590	Tepic, Mexico: Tepic Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803591	Tom Price, Australia: Tom Price Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803592	Trapani/Marsala, Italy: Trapani/Birgi
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803593	Turbo, Colombia: Turbo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803594	Torreon, Mexico: Torreon International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803595	Trondheim, Norway: Vaernes
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803596	Tiree Island, United Kingdom: Tiree Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48035ac	Sandefjord, Norway: Torp
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48035ad	Tauranga, New Zealand: Tauranga Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48035ae	Trona, CA: Trona Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48035af	Bristol/Johnson City/Kingsport, TN: Tri-Cities Regional TN/VA
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48035af	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48035af	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48035af	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48035af	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48035af	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48035af	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48035af	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48035af	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48035af	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48035af	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48035af	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48035af	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48035af	78.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48035af	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48035af	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48035af	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48035b0	Tarakan, Indonesia: Juwata
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48035b1	Thermal, CA: Jacqueline Cochran Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48035b2	Turin, Italy: Torino
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48035b3	Taree, Australia: Taree Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48035b4	Trincomalee, Sri Lanka: China Bay
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48035b5	Trieste, Italy: Trieste Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48035cc	Trujillo, Peru: Capitan Carlos Martinez de Pinillos
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48035cd	Trivandrum, India: Thiruvananthapuram International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48035ce	Tarawa, Kiribati: Bonriki International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48035cf	Trichinopoly, India: Tiruchirappalli
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48035d0	Taipei, Taiwan: Taipei Songshan
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48035d1	Tsumeb, Namibia: Tsumeb Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48035d2	Astana, Kazakhstan: Astana International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48035d3	Venice, Italy: Treviso
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48035d4	Tanacross, AK: Tanacross Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48035ea	Tshikapa, Congo (Kinshasa): Tshikapa Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48035eb	Tsushima, Japan: Tsushima Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48035ec	Taos, NM: Taos Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48035ed	Tianjin, China: Binhai
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48035ee	Tehachapi, CA: Tehachapi Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48035ef	Timisoara, Romania: Traian Vuia
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48035f0	New York, NY: East 34th Street Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48035f2	Townsville, Australia: Townsville Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48035f3	Tortoli, Italy: Tortoli Arbatax
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803609	Taltal, Chile: Argolla
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480360a	Troutdale, OR: Portland Troutdale
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480360b	Tartagal, Argentina: Tartagal Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480360c	Thumrait, Oman: Thumrait Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480360d	Tottori, Japan: Tottori Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480360e	Turtle Island, Fiji: Turtle Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480360f	Trenton, NJ: Trenton Mercer
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480360f	81.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480360f	112.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480360f	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480360f	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480360f	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480360f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480360f	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480360f	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480360f	95.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480360f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480360f	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480360f	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480360f	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480360f	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480360f	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480360f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480360f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480360f	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480360f	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480360f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480360f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480360f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480360f	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480360f	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480360f	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803611	Tsaratanana, Madagascar: Tsaratanana Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803612	Taitung, Taiwan: Fongnian
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803628	Tetuan, Morocco: Tetouan/Sania Ramel
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803629	Tulcan, Ecuador: Tulcan Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480362a	Tubuai Island, French Polynesia: Tubuai Is Fr. Polynesia
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480362b	Tucuman, Argentina: Tucuman Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480362c	Tambacounda, Senegal: Tambacounda Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480362d	Tours, France: Tours Val de Loire
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480362e	Tuguegarao, Philippines: Tuguegarao Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480362f	Tullahoma, TN: Arnold AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803630	Turaif, Saudi Arabia: Turaif Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803631	Turbat, Pakistan: Turbat International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	Tulsa, OK: Tulsa International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	140.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	133.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	61.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	75.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	89.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	88.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	36.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	40.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803647	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803648	Tumut, Australia: Tumut Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803649	Tunis, Tunisia: Carthage
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364a	Taupo, New Zealand: Taupo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364b	Tupelo, MS: Tupelo Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364c	Tucurui, Brazil: Tucurui Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	Tucson, AZ: Tucson International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	63.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	81.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	62.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	38.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	167.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	149.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	16.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	44.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	49.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	26.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	28.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	39.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	76.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	80.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	138.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	59.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364e	Tauta, Papua New Guinea: Tauta Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480364f	Tabuk, Saudi Arabia: Prince Sultan Bin Abdulaziz
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803650	Morafenobe, Madagascar: Morafenobe Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803666	Traverse City, MI: Cherry Capital
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803666	78.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803666	199.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803666	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803666	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803666	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803666	76.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803666	104.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803666	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803666	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803666	78.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803666	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803666	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803666	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803666	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803666	223.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803667	Thief River Falls, MN: Thief River Falls Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803668	Thomasville, GA: Thomasville Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803669	Lake Tahoe, CA: Lake Tahoe Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480366a	Taveuni, Fiji: Matei
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480366b	Twin Hills, AK: Twin Hills Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480366c	Toowoomba, Australia: Toowoomba Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480366d	Port Townsend, WA: Jefferson County International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480366e	Taylor, AK: Taylor Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480366f	Twin Falls, ID: Joslin Field - Magic Valley Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480366f	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480366f	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480366f	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480366f	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480366f	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480366f	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803685	Two Harbors, CA: Two Harbors Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803687	Tawau, Malaysia: Tawau Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803688	Mesquite, TX: Mesquite Metro
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803689	Denver City, TX: Denver City Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480368a	Port Isabel, TX: Port Isabel - Cameron County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480368b	Ballinger, TX: Bruce Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480368c	Cleburne, TX: Cleburne Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480368d	Horseshoe Bay, TX: Horseshoe Bay Resort
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480368e	Post, TX: Post Garza County Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480392f	Taichung, Taiwan: Taichung Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803930	Texarkana, AR: Texarkana Regional-Webb Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803930	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803930	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803930	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803930	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803930	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803930	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803930	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803931	Berlin, Germany: Tegel
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803932	Tunxi, China: Tunxi Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803933	Tabou, Cote d'Ivoire: Tabou Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803934	Tibooburra, Australia: Tibooburra Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803935	Tyonek, AK: Tyonek Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803937	Talara, Peru: Capitan FAP Victor Montes International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803938	Taiyuan, China: Wusu
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480394e	Tokyo, Japan: Tokyo Metropolitan Area
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480394f	Tyler, TX: Tyler Pounds Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480394f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480394f	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480394f	130.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480394f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480394f	4.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480394f	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480394f	46.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480394f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480394f	70.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480394f	18.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480394f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480394f	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480394f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480394f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480394f	149.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480394f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480394f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480394f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480394f	56.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480394f	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	Knoxville, TN: McGhee Tyson
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	53.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	25.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	29.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	104.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	239.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	139.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	13.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	37.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	117.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	60.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	30.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	14.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803950	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803951	Taylor, AZ: Taylor Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803952	Belize City, Belize: Belize Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803953	Maya Beach, Belize: Maya Beach Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803954	Tuzla, Bosnia and Herzegovina: Tuzla Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803955	Congo Town, The Bahamas: Congo Town Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803956	Trabzon, Turkey: Trabzon Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803957	Adana, Turkey: Incirlik AB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480396d	Ua Huka, French Polynesia: Ua Huka Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480396e	Narsarsuaq, Greenland: Narsarsuaq Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480396f	Guam, TT: Andersen AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803970	San Juan, Argentina: San Juan Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803971	Samburu, Kenya: Samburu Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803972	Uaxactun, Guatemala: Uaxactun Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803973	Uberaba, Brazil: Mario de Almeida Franco
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803974	Chatham, MA: Chatham Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803975	Ube, Japan: Yamaguchi Ube
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803976	Ubon Ratchathani, Thailand: Ubon Ratchathani Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480398c	Columbus, MS: Columbus-Lowndes County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480398d	Utica/Rome, NY: Oneida County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480398f	Union City, TN: Everett-Stewart Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803990	Bermuda Dunes, CA: Bermuda Dunes Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803991	Darlington, SC: Darlington County Jetport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803992	Uberlandia, Brazil: Uberlandia Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803993	Udaipur, India: Udaipur Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803994	Quelimane, Mozambique: Quelimane Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803995	Kumejima, Japan: Kumejima Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48039ab	Waukesha, WI: Waukesha County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48039ac	Quetta, Pakistan: Samungli International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48039ad	Ufa, Russia: Ufa Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48039ae	Ugashik, AK: Ugashik Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48039af	Pilot Point, AK: Ugashik Bay
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48039b0	Urgench, Uzbekistan: Urgench Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48039b1	Uganik, AK: Uganik Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48039b2	Waukegan, IL: Waukegan Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48039b3	Ugashik, AK: Ugashik Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48039b4	Uherske Hradiste, Czech Republic: Uherske Hradiste Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48039ca	Upper Heyford, United Kingdom: Upper Heyford Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48039cb	Quibdo, Colombia: El Carano
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48039cc	Qui Nhon, Vietnam: Phu Cat
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48039cd	Utila Island, Honduras: Utila Island Hond.
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48039ce	Quincy, IL: Quincy Regional-Baldwin Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48039cf	Quito, Ecuador: Old Mariscal Sucre International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48039d0	Quimper, France: Quimper Pluguffan
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48039d1	Kobe Honshu Island, Japan: Kobe
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48039d2	Ukiah, CA: Ukiah Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48039d3	San Julian, Argentina: San Julian Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48039e9	Santiago, Chile: Los Cerrillos
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48039ea	Ulithi, Federated States of Micronesia: Ulithi Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48039eb	New Ulm, MN: New Ulm Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48039ec	Ulan Bator, Mongolia: Chinggis Khaan International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48039ed	Tulua, Colombia: Tulua Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48039ee	Ulysses, KS: Ulysses Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48039ef	Ulyanovsk, Russia: Vostochny
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48039f0	Umnak, AK: North Shore
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48039f1	Uummannaq, Greenland: Uummannaq Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48039f2	Umea, Sweden: Umea Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803a08	Summit, AK: Summit Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803a09	Woomera, Australia: Woomera Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803a0a	Umiat, AK: Umiat Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803a0b	Umuarama, Brazil: Umuarama Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803a0d	Konduz, Afghanistan: Kunduz
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803a0e	Kiunga, Papua New Guinea: Kiunga Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803a0f	Union Island, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines: Union Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803a10	Unalakleet, AK: Unalakleet Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803a11	Umnak, AK: Umnak Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803a27	Unst, United Kingdom: Unst Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803a28	Oxford, MS: University-Oxford
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803a29	Ujung Pandang, Indonesia: Hasanuddin
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803a2a	Uruapan, Mexico: Uruapan Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803a2b	Upolo Point, HI: Upolu
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803a2c	Queens, AK: The Queens
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803a2d	Uralsk, Kazakhstan: Uralsk Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803a2e	Urubupunga, Brazil: Urubupunga Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803a2f	Urumqi, China: Diwopu
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803a30	Uruguaiana, Brazil: Rubem Berta
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803a46	Boos, France: Rouen Vallee de Seine
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803a47	Surat Thani, Thailand: Surat Thani Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803a48	Gurayat, Saudi Arabia: Guriat
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803a49	Ushuaia, Argentina: Islas Malvinas
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803a4a	Usibelli, AK: Usi Belli Coal Mine
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803a4b	Koh Samui, Thailand: Samui
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803a4c	Ulsan, South Korea: Ulsan Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803a4d	St. Augustine, FL: Northeast Florida Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803a4d	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803a4e	Heber, UT: Heber City Municipal - Russ McDonald Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803a4f	Muttaburra, Australia: Muttaburra Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803cf0	Udon Thani, Thailand: Udon Thani Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803cf1	Utirik, Marshall Islands: Utirik Island
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803cf2	Tunica, MS: Tunica Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803cf3	Upington, South Africa: Upington International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803cf4	Utopia, AK: Indian Mountain LRRS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803cf5	Utapao, Thailand: U-Tapao Pattaya International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803cf6	Mthatha, South Africa: Mthatha Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803cf7	Queenstown, South Africa: Queenstown Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803cf8	Kuparuk, AK: North Kuparuk
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803cf9	Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk, Russia: Khomutovo
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803d0f	Manumu, Papua New Guinea: Manumu Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803d10	Uvalde, TX: Garner Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803d11	Ouvea, New Caledonia: Ouvea Ouloup
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803d12	St. Lucia, Saint Lucia: Hewanorra International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803d13	Kharja, Egypt: New Valley
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803d14	Lik Camp, AK: Lik Camp Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803d15	Fassberg, Germany: Fassberg Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803d16	Hawley, MN: Hawley Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803d17	Chowchilla, CA: Chowchilla Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803d18	Faulkton, SD: Faulkton Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803d2e	St. Anthony, ID: Stanford Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803d2f	Dutch John, UT: Dutch John Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803d30	Kiev, Ukraine: Antonov International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803d31	Calder Bay, AK: Calder Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803d32	Richmond, KY: Madison
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803d33	Petaluma, CA: Petaluma Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803d34	Chariot, AK: Chariot Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803d35	47-Mile Mine, AK: 47-Mile Mine Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803d36	Prestonsburg, KY: Big Sandy Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803d37	Fitchburg, MA: Fitchburg Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803d4d	Bay St. Louis, MS: Stennis International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803d4e	Gilze-Rijen, Netherlands: Gilze-Rijen Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803d4f	Monument Valley, UT: Monument Valley Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803d50	Cimarron, KS: Cimarron Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803d51	Lorain/Elyria, OH: Lorain County Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803d52	Cheboygan, MI: Cheboygan County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803d53	Enterprise, OR: Enterprise Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803d54	Cookeville, TN: Putnam County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803d55	Hot Springs, MT: Hot Springs Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803d56	Circle, MT: Circle Town County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803d6c	Garrison, ND: Garrison Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803d6d	Melilla, Uruguay: Angel S Adami
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803d6f	Nyala, Sudan: Nyala Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803d70	Curuzu Cuatia, Argentina: Curuzu Cuatia Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803d71	Emporia, VA: Emporia Greensville Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803d72	Chesapeake, VA: Chesapeake Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803d73	Marion/Wytheville, VA: Mountain Empire
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803d74	Leesburg, VA: Leesburg Executive
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803d75	Vaasa, Finland: Vaasa Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803d8b	Valdosta, GA: Moody AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803d8d	Valence, France: Valence Chabeuil
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803d8e	Vanimo, Papua New Guinea: Vanimo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803d8f	Chevak, AK: Chevak Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803d90	Van, Turkey: Van Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803d91	Suavanao, Solomon Islands: Suavanao Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803d92	Varna, Bulgaria: Varna Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803d93	Sivas, Turkey: Sivas Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803d94	Vava'u, Tonga: Vava'u International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803dab	Lompoc, CA: Vandenberg AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803dac	Brescia, Italy: Montichiari
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803dad	Visby, Sweden: Visby Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803dae	Can Tho, Vietnam: Can Tho International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803daf	View Cove, AK: View Cove Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803db0	Venice, Italy: Marco Polo International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803db1	Sao Paulo, Brazil: Viracopos International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803db2	Carora, Venezuela: Carora Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803db3	Victoria, TX: Victoria Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803dc9	Victorville, CA: Southern California Logistics
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803dca	Ovda, Israel: Ovda Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803dcb	Vitoria Da Conquista, Brazil: Vitoria Da Conquista Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803dcc	Valverde, Spain: Hierro
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803dcd	Vidalia, GA: Vidalia Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803dce	Viedma, Argentina: Viedma Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803dcf	Valle de la Pascua, Venezuela: Valle de la Pascua Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803dd0	Villa Dolores, Argentina: Villa Dolores Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803dd1	Vadso, Norway: Vadso Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803dd2	Valdez, AK: Valdez Pioneer Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803de9	Venetie, AK: Venetie Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803dea	Vernal, UT: Vernal Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803dea	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803dea	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803dea	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803dea	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803dea	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803dea	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803deb	Versailles, MO: Roy Otten Memorial Airfield
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803dec	Veracruz, Mexico: General Heriberto Jara International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803ded	Vestmannaeyjar, Iceland: Vestmannaeyjar Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803dee	Victoria Falls, Zimbabwe: Victoria Falls International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803def	Vijayawada, India: Vijayawada Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803df0	Vigo, Spain: Vigo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803df1	Las Vegas, NV: North Las Vegas
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803e07	Vilhelmina, Sweden: Vilhelmina Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803e08	Vichy, France: Vichy Charmeil
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803e0a	Vicenza, Italy: Vicenza Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803e0b	Vidin, Bulgaria: Vidin Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803e0c	Vienna, Austria: Vienna International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803e0d	El Vigia, Venezuela: Juan Pablo Perez Alfonso
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803e0e	Vichy, MO: Rolla National
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803e0f	Virgin Gorda, British Virgin Islands: Virgin Gorda Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4803e10	Kavik River, AK: Kavik River Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040b1	Dakhla, Morocco: Dakhla International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040b2	Visalia, CA: Visalia Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040b3	Vitoria, Spain: Vitoria Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040b4	Vitoria, Brazil: Eurico de Aguiar Salles
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040b5	Moscow, Russia: Vnukovo
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040b6	Vicksburg, MS: Vicksburg Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040b7	Valencia, Spain: Valencia Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040b8	Valdosta, GA: Valdosta Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040b8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040b8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040b8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040b8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040b8	50.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040b8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040b8	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040b8	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040b9	Port Vila, Vanuatu: Port Vila Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040ba	Valladolid, Spain: Valladolid Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040d0	Valencia, Venezuela: Arturo Michelena International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040d2	Vallenar, Chile: Vallenar Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040d3	Valera, Venezuela: Dr. Antonio Nicolas Briceno
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040d4	Villa Mercedes, Argentina: Mercedes
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040d5	Venice, FL: Venice Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040d6	Vilnius, Lithuania: Vilnius International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040d7	Varanasi, India: Varanasi Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040d8	Van Nuys, CA: Van Nuys Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040d9	Volgograd, Russia: Gumrak
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040ef	Camp Douglas, WI: Volk Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040f0	Volos, Greece: Volos Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040f1	Cartersville, GA: Cartersville Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040f2	Ondjiva, Angola: Ondjiva Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040f3	Valparaiso, FL: Northwest Florida Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040f3	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040f3	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040f3	9.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040f3	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040f3	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040f3	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040f3	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040f3	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040f3	22.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040f3	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040f3	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040f3	79.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040f4	Valparaiso, IN: Porter County Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040f5	Vieques, PR: Antonio Rivera Rodriguez
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040f6	Varadero, Cuba: Juan Gualberto Gomez International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040f7	Vero Beach, FL: Vero Beach Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48040f8	Virac, Philippines: Virac Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480410e	Varkaus, Finland: Varkaus Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480410f	Verona, Italy: Villafranca
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804110	Villahermosa, Mexico: C. P. A. Carlos Rovirosa International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804111	Viseu, Portugal: Viseu Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804112	Springfield, VT: Hartness State
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804113	Vasteras, Sweden: Vasteras Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804114	Vientiane, Laos: Wattay International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804115	Valentine, NE: Miller Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804116	Visakhapatnam, India: Vishakhapatnam
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804117	Albemarle, NC: Stanly County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480412d	Vancouver, WA: Pearson Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480412e	Valledupar, Colombia: Alfonso Lopez Pumarejo
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480412f	Villavicencio, Colombia: Gomez Nino Apiay AB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804130	Santa Cruz, Bolivia: Viru Viru International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804131	Vastervik, Sweden: Vastervik Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804132	Vladivostok, Russia: Knevichi
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804133	Headland, AL: Headland Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804134	Myrtle Creek, OR: Myrtle Creek Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804135	Gallatin, TN: Sumner County Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804136	Hanford, CA: Hanford Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480414c	Chelan, WA: Lake Chelan
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480414d	Custer, SD: Custer County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480414e	Garibaldi, OR: Tillamook
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480414f	Midland/Odessa, TX: Odessa Schlemeyer Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804150	California City, CA: California City Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804151	Cameron, SC: McNeil
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804152	Saratoga Springs, NY: Saratoga County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804153	Bemidji, MN: Nary National Shefland Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804154	Weed, CA: Weed Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804155	Parker, AZ: Avi Suquilla
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480416b	Arlington, WA: Arlington Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480416c	Bernard, ID: Bernard Usfs
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480416d	Lodi, CA: Kingdon Airpark
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480416e	Independence, CA: Independence Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480416f	Wichita, KS: Colonel James Jabara
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804170	Americus, GA: Jimmy Carter Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804173	Deer Lodge, MT: Deer Lodge-City-County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804174	Hondo, TX: South Texas Regional at Hondo
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480418a	Landsberg Am Lech, Germany: Landsberg-Lech
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480418b	Granite Creek Mine, AK: Granite Creek Mine Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480418c	Sao Vicente, Cape Verde: Sao Pedro International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480418d	Vaxjo, Sweden: Smaland
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480418e	Vryheid, South Africa: Vryheid Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480418f	Peru, IL: Illinois Valley Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804190	Marvel Creek Mine, AK: Marvel Creek Mine Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804191	Mitrofania, AK: Mitrofania Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804192	Mush Bay, AK: Mush Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804193	Campbell Lagoon, AK: Campbell Lagoon Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48041a9	Frazer Lake, AK: Frazer Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48041aa	Afognak Straits, AK: Afognak Straits Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48041ab	Moffet Bay, AK: Moffet Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48041ac	Mineola, TX: Mineola Wisener Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48041ad	Brundidge, AL: Brundidge Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48041ae	Payette, ID: Payette Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48041b0	Los Alamitos, CA: Los Alamitos AAF
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48041b1	Jensens Strip, AK: Jensens Strip Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48041b2	Wildman Creek, AK: Wildman Creek Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48041c8	Stepovak, AK: Stepovak Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48041ca	Puale Bay, AK: Puale Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48041cb	Katmai Bay, AK: Katmai Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48041cc	Kashvik Bay, AK: Kashvik Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48041cd	Cinder Mountain, AK: Cinder Mountain Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48041ce	Hagemeister Island, AK: Hagemeister Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48041cf	Cape Peirce, AK: Cape Peirce Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48041d0	Cape Greig, AK: Cape Greig Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48041d1	Kasba Lake, Canada: Kasba Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804472	Katmai Lodge, AK: Katmai Lodge Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804473	South St. Paul, MN: South St. Paul Municipal-Richard E. Fleming Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804475	Mansfield, WA: Mansfield Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804476	Burlington, WA: Bayview Farms
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804477	Medical Lake, WA: Isaacson
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804478	Winthrop, WA: Methow Valley State
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804479	Stehekin, WA: Stehekin Seaplane Landing
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480447a	Chelan, WA: Chelan Seaplane Landing
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480447b	Wales, AK: Wales Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804491	Wabag, Papua New Guinea: Wabag Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804492	Andriamena, Madagascar: Andriamena Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804493	Wanganui, New Zealand: Wanganui Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804494	Chincoteague, VA: Wallops Flight Facility
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804495	Warsaw, IN: Warsaw Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804496	Washington, DC: Washington DC Metropolitan Area
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804497	Waterford, Ireland: Waterford Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804498	Wave Hill, Australia: Wave Hill Old
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804499	Warsaw, Poland: Warsaw Chopin
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48044b0	Wahai, Indonesia: Wahai Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48044b1	Stebbins, AK: Stebbins Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48044b2	Commerce/Montebello, CA: Commerce/Montebello Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48044b3	Wapenamanda, Papua New Guinea: Wapenamanda Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48044b4	Woburn, MA: Woburn Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48044b5	Beaver, AK: Beaver Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48044b6	Big Rapids, MI: Roben-Hood
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48044b7	Bennettsville, SC: Bennettsville Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48044b8	Downtown, CA: Downtown Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48044b9	Castro, Chile: Gamboa
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48044cf	Whalers Cove Lodge, AK: Whalers Cove Lodge Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48044d0	Chandalar, AK: Chandalar Lake
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48044d1	Wide Bay, AK: Wide Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48044d3	Enid, OK: Enid Woodring Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48044d4	Windhoek, Namibia: Hosea Kutako International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48044d5	Eastsound, WA: Waldronaire
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48044d6	Winder, GA: Barrow County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48044d7	Dashuipo, China: Dashuipo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48044d8	Weipa, Australia: Weipa Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48044ee	Welkom, South Africa: Welkom Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48044ef	Ketchikan, AK: Ketchikan Waterfront Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48044f2	Wagga Wagga, Australia: Wagga Wagga Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48044f3	Walgett, Australia: Walgett Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48044f4	Bahia Tortugas, Mexico: Bahia Tortugas Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48044f5	Isle Baltra, Ecuador: Isle Baltra Off-Line Point
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48044f7	Winchester, VA: Winchester Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480450d	Waingapu, Indonesia: Mau Hau
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480450e	Frenchville, ME: Northern Aroostook Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804511	Hyder, AK: Hyder Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804512	Whakatane, New Zealand: Whakatane Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804513	Franz Josef, New Zealand: Franz Josef Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804515	Eagle, CO: Vail/Avon
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804516	Wharton, TX: Wharton Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480452c	Black River Falls, WI: Black River Falls Area
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480452d	Phillips, WI: Price County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480452e	Wilbur, WA: Wilbur Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480452f	Wick, United Kingdom: Wick Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804532	Nairobi, Kenya: Nairobi/Wilson
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804533	Winton, Australia: Winton Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804534	Woja, Marshall Islands: Woja Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804535	Lancaster, CA: General William J. Fox Airfield
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480454d	Wanaka, New Zealand: Wanaka Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480454e	Wakkanai, Japan: Wakkanai Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480454f	Aleknagik, AK: Aleknagik New
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804550	Waikoloa Village, HI: Waikoloa Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804551	Hwange, Zimbabwe: Hwange National Park
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804552	Wakunai, Papua New Guinea: Wakunai Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804553	Walker's Cay, The Bahamas: Walker's
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804554	Philadelphia, PA: Penns Landing Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480456b	Labouchere Bay, AK: Labouchere Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480456c	Winfield, KS: Strother Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480456d	Wellington, New Zealand: Wellington International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480456e	Walaha, Vanuatu: Walaha Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480456f	Selawik, AK: Selawik Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804570	Waltham, MA: Waltham Hospital Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804571	Wallis Island, Wallis and Futuna: Wallis Hihifo
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804573	Willows, CA: Willows Glenn County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804589	Warrnambool, Australia: Warrnambool Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480458a	Winnemucca, NV: Winnemucca Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480458b	Mountain Home, AR: Baxter County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480458c	Meyers Chuck, AK: Meyers Chuck Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480458d	White Mountain, AK: White Mountain Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480458e	Mananara, Madagascar: Avaratra
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804591	Napakiak, AK: Napakiak Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804592	Wunnumin Lake, Canada: Wunnumin Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804833	Naga, Philippines: Naga Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804834	Windorah, Australia: Windorah Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804835	Nawab Shah, Pakistan: Nawabshah
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804837	Wenzhou, China: Longwan
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804838	Wood River, AK: Wood River Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480483a	Willow, AK: Willow Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804852	Wipim, Papua New Guinea: Wipim Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804854	Puerto Williams, Chile: Guardiamarina Zanartu
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804855	Ovid, NY: Ovid Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804856	Mandan, ND: Mandan Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804857	Hamilton, MT: Ravalli County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804858	Tulelake, CA: Tulelake Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804859	Dinsmore, CA: Dinsmore Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480485a	Rigby, ID: Rigby Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480485b	Hesperia, CA: Hesperia Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804871	Dorris, CA: Butte Valley
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804872	Connell, WA: Connell City
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804873	Peard Bay, AK: Peard Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804874	Townsend, MT: Townsend Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804875	Bluff, AK: Bluff Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804876	Lake Charles, LA: Chennault International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804877	Campbellsville, KY: Taylor County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804878	Rosamond, CA: Rosamond Skypark
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804879	Oceano, CA: Oceano County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480487a	Fairburn, SD: Custer State Park
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804890	Naknek, AK: Tibbetts
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804891	Poplar, MT: Poplar Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804892	Bridger, MT: Bridger Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804893	Portales, NM: Portales Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804895	David River, AK: David River Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804896	Kiavak, AK: Kiavak Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804897	Port Wakefield, AK: Port Wakefield Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804898	Chignik Lake, AK: Chignik Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804899	Macon, GA: Robins AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48048af	Whangarei, New Zealand: Whangarei Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48048b0	Wrangell, AK: Wrangell Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48048b0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48048b0	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48048b0	31.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48048b1	Fort Dix, NJ: McGuire Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48048b2	Worland, WY: Worland Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48048b4	Wroclaw, Poland: Strachowice
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48048b5	Steamboat Bay, AK: Steamboat Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48048b6	Washington, PA: Washington County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48048b7	Shirley, NY: Brookhaven
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48048b8	Wasilla, AK: Wasilla Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48048ce	San Juan, AK: San Juan Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48048d0	Wiseman, AK: Wiseman Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48048d1	South Naknek, AK: South Naknek 2
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48048d2	Waspam, Nicaragua: Waspam Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48048d3	Westerly, RI: Westerly State
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48048d4	Westsound, WA: Westsound Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48048d5	Shute Harbour/Whitsunday, Australia: Whitsunday Airstrip
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48048d6	Westport, New Zealand: Westport Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48048d7	New York, NY: World Trade Center Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48048ed	West End, The Bahamas: West End Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48048ee	Noatak, AK: Noatak Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48048ef	Tuntutuliak, AK: Tuntutuliak Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48048f0	Waddington, United Kingdom: RAF Waddington
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48048f1	Whiteriver, AZ: Whiteriver Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48048f2	Tsiroanomandidy, Madagascar: Tsiroanomandidy Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48048f3	Whittier, AK: Whittier Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48048f4	Wau, Papua New Guinea: Wau Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48048f5	Wuhan, China: Tianhe
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@48048f6	Duchesne, UT: Duchesne Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480490c	Ocean Shores, WA: Avco
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480490d	Wau, South Sudan: Wau Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480490e	Wuxi, China: Shuofang
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480490f	Charleston, WV: Mcs-Pad Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804910	Falls Church, VA: Washington-Virginia
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804911	Walvis Bay, Namibia: Walvis Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804913	Watsonville, CA: Watsonville Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804914	Manakara, Madagascar: Manakara Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804915	Augusta/Waterville, ME: Waterville Robert Lafleur
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480492c	Wasilla, AK: Wasilla Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480492d	Cape May, NJ: Cape May County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480492e	Wewak, Papua New Guinea: Wewak International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804930	Whale Pass, AK: Whale Pass Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804931	Woodward, OK: West Woodward
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804932	Newtok, AK: Newtok Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480494c	Pinedale, WY: Ralph Wenz Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480494d	Whyalla, Australia: Whyalla Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480494e	Yes Bay, AK: Yes Bay Lodge Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480494f	Yengema, Sierra Leone: Yengema Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804950	Wyndham, Australia: Wyndham Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804951	West Yellowstone, MT: Yellowstone
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804953	Nassau, The Bahamas: Nassau Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804bf4	Alamos, Mexico: Alamos Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804bf5	Chapeco, Brazil: Chapeco Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804bf6	Bearskin Lake, Canada: Bearskin Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804bf7	Brockville, Canada: Tackaberry
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804bf8	Christmas Island, Christmas Island: Christmas Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804bf9	Cluff Lake, Canada: Cluff Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804bfa	Chalons-En-Champagne, France: Chalons Vatry
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804bfb	Lake Geneva, WI: Americana
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804bfc	Xichang, China: Qingshan
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c13	Xi'an, China: Xianyang
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c16	St. Louis, Senegal: Saint Louis
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c17	Lemwerder, Germany: Lemwerder Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c18	Madison, SD: Madison Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c19	Manihi, French Polynesia: Manihi Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1a	Xiamen, China: Gaoqi
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1b	Marmande, France: Marmande Virazeil
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	Fayetteville, AR: Northwest Arkansas Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	93.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	87.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	17.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	95.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	75.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	119.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	8.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	27.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	43.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	10.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	32.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	7.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	2.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	89.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	89.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	33.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	6.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	116.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	34.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	54.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c1c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c32	Quang Ngai, Vietnam: Quang Ngai Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c33	Xining, China: Xining Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c35	Comayagua, Honduras: Palmerola Air Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c36	Al Bakr, Iraq: Joint Base Balad
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c37	Quepos, Costa Rica: Quepos Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c38	Richmond, Australia: Richmond AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c39	Reston, VA: Reston Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c3a	Jerez de la Frontera, Spain: Jerez
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c3b	South Caicos, Turks and Caicos Islands: South Caicos International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c51	Tonopah, NV: Tonopah Test Range
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c52	Leonardtown, MD: St. Mary's County Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c53	Seletar, Singapore: Seletar Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c54	Xuzhou, China: Xuzhou Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c55	Granite Point, AK: Granite Point Ndb
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c57	Yantarni Bay, AK: Yantarni Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c58	Emmen, Switzerland: Emmen Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c59	Copalis, WA: Copalis State
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c5a	Jerome, ID: Jerome County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c71	Aztec, NM: Aztec Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c73	Dexter, ME: Dexter Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c74	Port Orchard, WA: Port Orchard Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c75	Blackfoot, ID: McCarley Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c76	Riyadh, Saudi Arabia: Riyadh Military
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c77	Jupiter, FL: William P Gwinn
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c78	Kimball, NE: Kimball Municipal/Robert E. Arraj Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c79	Al Kharj, Saudi Arabia: Prince Sultan AB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c8f	Iwakuni, Japan: Iwakuni MCAS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c91	Oliktok, AK: Oliktok LRRS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c92	Nushagak Bay, AK: Nushagak Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c93	Marion, AL: Perry County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804c95	Driggs, ID: Teton Peaks
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804caf	Woodford, United Kingdom: Manchester Woodford
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804cb1	Clarendon, TX: Smiley Johnson Municipal/Bass Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804cb2	Lakewood, NJ: Lakewood Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804cb4	Cambridge, MA: Arthur D. Little Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804cb6	Doha, Qatar: Al Udeid AB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804cce	Willits, CA: Ells Field-Willits Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804ccf	Hurricane, UT: General Dick Stout Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804cd0	Lakeport, CA: Lampson Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804cd2	Mariposa, CA: Mariposa-Yosemite
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804cd3	Creswell, OR: Hobby Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804cd4	Polson, MT: Polson Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804cd5	Ashland, OR: Ashland Municipal-Sumner Parker Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804cd6	Decatur, WA: Decatur Shores
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804cec	Lake City, FL: Lake City Gateway
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804ced	Mena, AR: Mena Intermountain Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804cee	Fortuna, CA: Rohnerville
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804cef	Zuni Pueblo, NM: Black Rock
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804cf0	Yandina, Solomon Islands: Yandina Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804cf2	Anahim Lake, Canada: Anahim Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804cf3	Cat Lake, Canada: Cat Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804cf4	Asbestos Hill, Canada: Asbestos
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804cf5	Fort Frances, Canada: Fort Frances Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804d0b	La Grande 4, Canada: La Grande 4 Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804d0c	Yakutat, AK: Yakutat Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804d0c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804d0c	20.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804d0c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804d0c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804d0c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804d0c	41.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804d0c	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804d0c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804d0c	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804d0d	Sault Ste. Marie, Canada: Sault Ste. Marie Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804d0e	Yaounde, Cameroon: Yaounde Ville
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804d0f	Yap, Federated States of Micronesia: Yap International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804d10	Attawapiskat, Canada: Attawapiskat Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804d11	Kattiniq, Canada: Kattiniq Donaldson
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804d12	Miners Bay, Canada: Miners Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804d13	St. Anthony, Canada: St. Anthony Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4804d14	Tofino, Canada: Long Beach
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809e8a	Banff, Canada: Banff Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809e8b	Kugaaruk, Canada: Kugaaruk Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809e8c	Baie Comeau, Canada: Baie Comeau Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809e8d	Uranium City, Canada: Uranium City Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809e8e	Saguenay, Canada: Bagotville
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809e8f	Baie Johan Beetz, Canada: Baie Johan Beetz Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809e90	Baker Lake, Canada: Baker Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809e91	Campbell River, Canada: Campbell River Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809e92	Bronson Creek, Canada: Bronson Creek Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809e93	Brandon, Canada: Brandon Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809ea9	Opapimiskan Lake, Canada: Opapimiskan Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809eaa	Brochet, Canada: Brochet Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809eab	Berens River, Canada: Berens River Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809eac	Blanc Sablon, Canada: Blanc Sablon Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809ead	Cambridge Bay, Canada: Cambridge Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809eae	Cornwall, Canada: Cornwall Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809eaf	Nanaimo, Canada: Nanaimo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809eb0	Cortes Bay, Canada: Cortes Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809eb1	Castlegar/Nelson/Trail, Canada: Castlegar West Kootenay Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809eb2	Miramichi, Canada: Miramichi Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809ec8	Cape Saint James, Canada: Cape Saint James Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809ec9	Colville Lake, Canada: Colville Lake Tommy Kochon
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809eca	Charlo, Canada: Charlo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809ecb	St. Catharines, Canada: Niagara District
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809ecc	Cochrane, Canada: Cochrane Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809ecd	Kugluktuk/Coppermine, Canada: Kugluktuk
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809ece	Cross Lake, Canada: Cross Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809ecf	Chesterfield Inlet, Canada: Chesterfield Inlet Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809ed0	Clyde River, Canada: Clyde River Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809ed1	Dawson City, Canada: Dawson City Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809ee7	Burwash Landings, Canada: Burwash
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809ee8	Deer Lake, Canada: Deer Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809ee9	Dease Lake, Canada: Dease Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809eea	Dauphin, Canada: Dauphin Barker
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809eeb	Nain, Canada: Nain Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809eec	Dawson Creek, Canada: Dawson Creek Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809eed	Desolation Sound, Canada: Desolation Sound Marine Park
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809eef	Riviere-Du-Loup, Canada: Riviere-Du-Loup Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809ef0	Edmonton, Canada: Edmonton Metropolitan Area
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f06	Yecheon, South Korea: Yecheon Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f07	Edmonton, Canada: Edmonton Namao Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f08	Edmonton, Canada: Edmonton International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f09	Arviat, Canada: Arviat Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f0a	Elliot Lake, Canada: Elliot Lake Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f0b	Manitowaning, Canada: Manitoulin East Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f0c	Yeovilton, United Kingdom: Yeovilton Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f0d	Fort Severn, Canada: Fort Severn Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f0e	Eureka, Canada: Eureka Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f0f	Inuvik, Canada: Inuvik Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f25	Iqaluit, Canada: Iqaluit Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f26	Fredericton, Canada: Fredericton International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f27	Flin Flon, Canada: Flin Flon Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f28	Fort Resolution, Canada: Fort Resolution Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f29	Fort Simpson, Canada: Fort Simpson Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f2a	Gagnon, Canada: Gagnon Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f2b	Gillies Bay, Canada: Texada Gillies Bay
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f2c	Gorge Harbor, Canada: Gorge Harbor Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f2d	Ganges Harbor, Canada: Ganges Harbor Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f2e	Fort Good Hope, Canada: Fort Good Hope Ice Strip
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f44	Yonago, Japan: Miho
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f45	Kingston, Canada: Kingston Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f46	La Grande, Canada: La Grande Riviere
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f47	Greenway Sound, Canada: Greenway Sound Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f48	Gaspe, Canada: Michel Pouliot
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f49	Geraldton, Canada: Geraldton Greenstone Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f4a	Iles de la Madeleine, Canada: Iles de la Madeleine Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f4b	Igloolik, Canada: Igloolik Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f4c	Havre St. Pierre, Canada: Havre St. Pierre Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f4d	Kuujjuarapik, Canada: Kuujjuarapik Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f63	Gillam, Canada: Gillam Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f65	Grise Fiord, Canada: Grise Fiord Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f66	Port Hope Simpson, Canada: Port Hope Simpson Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f67	Dryden, Canada: Dryden Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f68	Hearst, Canada: Hearst Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f69	Campbell River, Canada: Harbor
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f6a	Holman Island, Canada: Ulukhaktok Holman
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f6b	Hamilton, Canada: John C. Munro Hamilton International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f6c	Hornepayne, Canada: Hornepayne Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f82	Harrington Harbour, Canada: Harrington Harbour Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f83	Sechelt, Canada: Sechelt Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f84	Haines Junction, Canada: Haines Junction Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f85	Montreal, Canada: St. Hubert
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f86	Hay River, Canada: Hay River Merlyn Carter
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f87	Halifax, Canada: Halifax Stanfield International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f88	Atikokan, Canada: Atikokan Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f89	Pakuashipi, Canada: St Augustin
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f8a	Big Bay Marina, Canada: Big Bay Marina Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809f8b	Yichang, China: Yichang Sanxia
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809fa1	Pond Inlet, Canada: Pond Inlet Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809fa2	Detroit, MI: Willow Run
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809fa3	Island Lake, Canada: Island Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809fa4	Yiwu, China: Yiwu Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809fa5	Johnny Mountain, Canada: Johnny Mountain Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809fa6	Stephenville, Canada: Stephenville Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809fa7	Kamloops, Canada: Kamloops Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809fa8	Kitchener, Canada: Waterloo
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809fa9	Kangirsuk, Canada: Kangirsuk Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4809faa	Key Lake, Canada: Key Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a24b	Schefferville, Canada: Schefferville Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a24c	Yakima, WA: Yakima Air Terminal/McAllister Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a24d	Yankton, SD: Chan Gurney Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a24e	Yakutsk, Russia: Yakutsk Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a24f	Fort George, Canada: Ft. George
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a250	Kirkland Lake, Canada: Kirkland Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a251	Toronto, Canada: Buttonville Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a252	Kimmirut/Lake Harbour, Canada: Lake Harbour
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a253	Chapleau, Canada: Chapleau Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a254	Lansdowne House, Canada: Lansdowne House Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a26a	Lloydminster, Canada: Lloydminster Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a26b	Mingan, Canada: Mingan Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a26c	La Tuque, Canada: La Tuque Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a26d	Leaf Rapids, Canada: Leaf Rapids Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a26e	Alert, Canada: Alert Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a26f	Kelowna, Canada: Kelowna Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a270	Mayo, Canada: Mayo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a271	Merritt, Canada: Merritt Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a272	Matane, Canada: Matane Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a273	Mary's Harbour, Canada: Mary's Harbour Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a289	Murray Bay, Canada: Charlevoix
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a28a	Fort McMurray, Canada: Fort McMurray Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a28b	Moosonee, Canada: Moosonee Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a28c	Port McNeill, Canada: Port McNeill Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a28d	Montreal, Canada: Montreal Metropolitan Area
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a28e	Yurimaguas, Peru: Yurimaguas Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a28f	Chibougamau, Canada: Chapais
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a290	Manicouagan, Canada: Manic-5
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a291	Montreal, Canada: Montreal International (Mirabel)
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a292	Natashquan, Canada: Natashquan Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a2a8	Yenbo, Saudi Arabia: Prince Abdulmohsin Bin Abdulaziz
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a2a9	Gatineau, Canada: Gatineau-Ottawa Executive
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a2aa	Norway House, Canada: Norway House Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a2ab	Youngstown/Warren, OH: Youngstown-Warren Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a2ac	Hudson's Hope, Canada: Hudson's Hope Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a2ad	Yanji, China: Chaoyangchuan
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a2ae	Nootka Sound, Canada: Nootka Sound Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a2af	Points North Landing, Canada: Points North Landing Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a2b0	Matagami, Canada: Matagami Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a2b1	Yantai, China: Laishan
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a2c7	Yangyang, South Korea: Yangyang International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a2c8	Old Crow, Canada: Old Crow Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a2c9	Cold Lake, Canada: Cold Lake Group/Captain R. W. McNair
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a2ca	Ogoki, Canada: Ogoki Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a2cb	High Level, Canada: High Level Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a2cc	Yola, Nigeria: Yola Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a2cd	Oshawa, Canada: Oshawa Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a2ce	Rainbow Lake, Canada: Rainbow Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a2d0	Ottawa, Canada: Ottawa Macdonald Cartier International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a2e6	Rea Point, Canada: Rea Point Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a2e7	Prince Albert, Canada: Prince Albert Glass Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a2e8	Peace River, Canada: Peace River Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a2e9	Pickle Lake, Canada: Pickle Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a2ea	Port Menier, Canada: Port Menier Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a2eb	Peawanuck, Canada: Peawanuck Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a2ec	Peterborough, Canada: Peterborough Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a2ed	Digby Island, Canada: Prince Rupert
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a2ee	Port Hawkesbury, Canada: Port Hawkesbury Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a2ef	Powell River, Canada: Powell River Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a305	Povungnituk, Canada: Puvirnituq
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a306	Fort Chipewyan, Canada: Fort Chipewyan Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a307	Muskoka, Canada: Muskoka Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a308	Quebec, Canada: Quebec Jean Lesage International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a309	The Pas, Canada: The Pas Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a30a	Red Deer, Canada: Red Deer Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a30b	Windsor, Canada: Windsor Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a30c	Watson Lake, Canada: Watson Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a30d	Yarmouth, Canada: Yarmouth Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a30e	Kenora, Canada: Kenora Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a324	Lethbridge, Canada: Lethbridge Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a325	Moncton, Canada: Greater Moncton International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a326	Comox, Canada: Comox Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a327	Regina, Canada: Regina International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a328	Thunder Bay, Canada: Thunder Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a329	Grande Prairie, Canada: Grande Prairie Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a32a	Yorkton, Canada: Yorkton Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a32b	North Battleford, Canada: North Battleford Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a32c	Gander, Canada: Gander International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a32d	Sydney, Canada: Sydney Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a343	Quesnel, Canada: Quesnel Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a344	Resolute Bay, Canada: Resolute Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a345	Chicoutimi, Canada: St Honore
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a346	Dean River, Canada: Dean River Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a347	Roberval, Canada: Roberval Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a348	Red Lake, Canada: Red Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a349	Trois Rivieres, Canada: Trois Rivieres Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a34a	Rankin Inlet, Canada: Rankin Inlet Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a34b	Sudbury, Canada: Sudbury Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a34c	Sherbrooke, Canada: Sherbrooke Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a362	Stony Rapids, Canada: Stony Rapids Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a363	Saint John, Canada: Saint John Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a364	St. Leonard, Canada: St Leonard Cyr
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a365	Fort Smith, Canada: Fort Smith Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a366	Salmon Arm, Canada: Salmon Arm Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a367	Marathon, Canada: Marathon Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a368	Nanisivik, Canada: Nanisivik Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a369	St. Theresa Point, Canada: St. Theresa Point Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a36a	Summerside, Canada: Summerside Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a36b	Saglek, Canada: Saglek Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a60d	Pembroke, Canada: Pembroke Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a60e	Cape Dorset, Canada: Cape Dorset Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a60f	Alma, Canada: Chesterfield Inlet
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a610	Sullivan Bay, Canada: Sullivan Bay Water Aerodrome
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a611	Thompson, Canada: Thompson Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a612	Terrace Bay, Canada: Terrace Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a613	Big Trout Lake, Canada: Big Trout Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a614	La Macaza, Canada: Mont-Tremblant International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a615	Riviere-au-Tonnerre, Canada: Riviere Au Tonnerre
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a62b	Toronto, Canada: Toronto Metropolitan Area
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a62c	Tofino, Canada: Tofino Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a62d	Tasiujuaq, Canada: Tasiujaq
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a62e	Trenton, Canada: Trenton Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a62f	Timmins, Canada: Timmins Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a630	Toronto, Canada: Billy Bishop Toronto City
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a631	Tuktoyaktuk, Canada: Tuktoyaktuk Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a632	Montreal, Canada: Pierre Elliott Trudeau International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a633	Yuma, AZ: Yuma MCAS/Yuma International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a633	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a633	15.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a633	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a633	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a633	24.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a633	19.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a633	12.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a633	3.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a633	1.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a633	11.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a633	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a633	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a633	5.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a633	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a633	0.00
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a634	Repulse Bay, Canada: Repulse Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a64a	Hall Beach, Canada: Hall Beach Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a64b	Rouyn-Noranda, Canada: Rouyn-Noranda Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a64c	Moroni, Comoros: Iconi
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a64d	Bonaventure, Canada: Bonaventure Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a64e	Lac La Ronge, Canada: La Ronge
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a64f	Cape Dyer, Canada: Cape Dyer Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a650	Val d'Or, Canada: Val d'Or Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a651	Fort Chimo, Canada: Fort Chimo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a652	Norman Wells, Canada: Norman Wells Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a653	Vancouver, Canada: Vancouver International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a669	Buffalo Narrows, Canada: Buffalo Narrows Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a66a	Kangiqsujuaq, Canada: Kangiqsujuaq Wakeham Bay
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a66b	Winnipeg, Canada: James Armstrong Richardson International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a66c	Victoria, Canada: Victoria Inner Harbour
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a66d	Deline, Canada: Deline Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a66e	Wabush, Canada: Wabush Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a66f	Williams Lake, Canada: Williams Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a670	Chute-Des-Passes, Canada: Chute-Des-Passes Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a671	White River, Canada: White River Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a672	Wrigley, Canada: Wrigley Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a688	Cranbrook, Canada: Canadian Rockies International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a689	Edmonton, Canada: Edmonton City Centre
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a68a	Saskatoon, Canada: John G Diefenbaker International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a68b	Medicine Hat, Canada: Medicine Hat Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a68c	Fort St. John, Canada: Fort St. John Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a68d	Rimouski, Canada: Rimouski Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a68e	Sioux Lookout, Canada: Sioux Lookout Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a68f	Pangnirtung, Canada: Pangnirtung Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a690	Beaver Creek, Canada: Beaver Creek Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a691	Earlton, Canada: Timiskaming Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a6a7	Prince George, Canada: Prince George Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a6a8	Terrace, Canada: Terrace Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a6a9	London, Canada: London Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a6aa	Abbotsford, Canada: Abbotsford Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a6ab	Whitehorse, Canada: Erik Nielsen International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a6ac	Wawa, Canada: Wawa Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a6ad	North Bay, Canada: North Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a6ae	Calgary, Canada: Calgary International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a6af	Smithers, Canada: Smithers Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a6b0	Fort Nelson, Canada: Fort Nelson Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a6c6	Penticton, Canada: Penticton Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a6c7	Charlottetown, Canada: Charlottetown Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a6c8	Taloyoak, Canada: Taloyoak Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a6c9	Victoria, Canada: Victoria International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a6ca	Lynn Lake, Canada: Lynn Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a6cb	Swift Current, Canada: Swift Current Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a6cc	Churchill, Canada: Churchill Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a6cd	Goose Bay, Canada: Goose Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a6ce	St. John's, Canada: St. John's International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a6cf	Kapuskasing, Canada: Kapuskasing Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a6e5	Mont Joli, Canada: Mont Joli Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a6e6	Toronto, Canada: Lester B. Pearson International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a6e7	Gore Bay, Canada: Gore Bay/Manitoulin
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a6e8	Yellowknife, Canada: Yellowknife Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a6e9	Slave Lake, Canada: Slave Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a6ea	Sandspit, Canada: Sandspit Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a6eb	Sarnia, Canada: Chris Hadfield
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a6ec	Coral Harbour, Canada: Coral Harbour Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a6ed	Port Hardy, Canada: Port Hardy Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a6ee	Sept-Iles, Canada: Sept-Iles Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a704	Alice Arm, Canada: Alice Arm Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a705	Zadar, Croatia: Zadar Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a706	Zagreb, Croatia: Zagreb Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a707	Zahedan, Iran: Zahedan International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a708	Valdivia, Chile: Las Marias
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a709	Zamboanga, Philippines: Zamboanga International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a70a	Zaragoza, Spain: Zaragoza AB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a70c	Bathurst, Canada: Bathurst Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a70d	Biloela, Australia: Biloela (Thangool)
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a723	Bromont, Canada: Bromont Roland Desourdy
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a724	Bowen, Australia: Bowen Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a725	Branson, MO: John the Diver
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a726	Zacatecas, Mexico: General Leobardo C. Ruiz International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a727	Temuco, Chile: Maquehue
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a728	Bella Bella, Canada: Denny Island
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a729	Faro, Canada: Faro Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a72a	Fort McPherson, Canada: Fort McPherson Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a72b	Fort Norman, Canada: Fort Norman Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a72c	Grand Forks, Canada: Grand Forks Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a9cd	Ngoma, Zambia: Ngoma Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a9ce	Gethsemani, Canada: Gethsemani Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a9cf	Zhanjiang, China: Zhanjiang Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a9d0	Ziguinchor, Senegal: Ziguinchor Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a9d1	Ixtapa/Zihuatanejo, Mexico: Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a9d2	Kasaba Bay, Zambia: Kasaba Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a9d3	Manzanillo, Mexico: Playa de Oro International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a9d4	La Tabatiere, Canada: La Tabatiere Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a9d5	Sena Madureira, Brazil: Sena Madureira Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a9d6	Masset, Canada: Masset Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a9ec	Nanaimo, Canada: Harbour
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a9ed	Nyac, AK: Nyac Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a9ee	Zinder, Niger: Zinder Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a9ef	Newman, Australia: Newman Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a9f0	Ingolstadt, Germany: Ingolstadt Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a9f1	Zanzibar, Tanzania: Abeid Amani Karume International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a9f2	Ocean Falls, Canada: Ocean Falls Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a9f4	Osorno, Chile: Canal Bajo Carlos Hott Siebert
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480a9f5	Sachigo Lake, Canada: Sachigo Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aa0b	Queenstown, New Zealand: Queenstown Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aa0c	Zurich, Switzerland: Zurich Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aa0d	San Salvador, The Bahamas: San Salvador International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aa0e	Sligo, Ireland: Sligo Bus Station
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aa0f	Sassandra, Cote d'Ivoire: Sassandra Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aa10	Stewart, Canada: Stewart Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aa11	Prince Rupert, Canada: Prince Rupert Seal Cove Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aa12	Zakinthos, Greece: Dionysios Solomos
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aa13	Tahsis, Canada: Tahsis Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aa14	Zhuhai, China: Jinwan
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aa2a	Churchill Falls, Canada: Churchill Falls Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aa2b	Miandrivazo, Madagascar: Miandrivazo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aa2c	Savannakhet, Laos: Savannakhet International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aa2d	Wollaston Lake, Canada: Wollaston Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aa2e	Rota, Spain: Rota NS
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aa2f	Albuquerque, NM: Double Eagle II
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aa30	Gasquet, CA: Ward Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aa31	San Isidro, Dominican Republic: San Isidro International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aa32	Sculthorpe, United Kingdom: Sculthorpe Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aa33	Illinois Creek, AK: Illinois Creek Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aa49	Chomondely Sound, AK: Chomondely Sound Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aa4a	Coal Bay, AK: Coal Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aa4b	Happy Harbour, AK: Happy Harbour Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aa4c	Lancaster Cove, AK: Lancaster Cove Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aa4d	Reid Cove, AK: Reid Cove Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aa4e	Saltery Cove, AK: Saltery Cove Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aa4f	Clover Bay, AK: Clover Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aa50	El Capitan, AK: El Capitan Peak
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aa51	Salmon Bay Lake, AK: Salmon Bay Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aa6a	Cloverdale, CA: Cloverdale Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aa6b	North Kingstown, RI: Quonset State
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aa6c	Nappanee, IN: Nappanee Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aa6d	Paradise, CA: Paradise Skypark
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aa6e	Kennewick, WA: Vista Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aa6f	Delta, CO: Blake Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aa70	Waterville, WA: Waterville Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aa71	Sylhet, Bangladesh: Savannakhet
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aa87	Mzuzu, Malawi: Mzuzu Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aa88	Zanesville, OH: Zanesville Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aa8a	Fernandina Beach, FL: Fernandina Beach Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aa8b	Panama City, Panama: Marcos A Gelabert International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aaca	Ad-Dabbah, Sudan: Ad-Dabbah Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aacb	Aua Island, Papua New Guinea: Aua Island Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aacc	Abakan, Russia: Abakan Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aacd	Barretos, Brazil: Chafei Amsei
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aace	Badana, Saudi Arabia: Badanah
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aae4	Beluga, AK: Beluga Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aae6	McCord, AK: McCord Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aae7	Papua New Guinea, Papua New Guinea: City
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aae8	Marinduque, Philippines: Marinduque Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aaea	Nellie Juan, AK: Nellie Juan Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aaec	Bacolod, Philippines: Bacolod Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aaed	Sanandaj, Iran: Sanandaj Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ad8e	Swindon, United Kingdom: Swindon Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ad8f	Tinak, Marshall Islands: Tinak Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ad90	Pulau Tioman, Malaysia: Pulau Tioman Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ad91	Copiapo, Chile: Desierto de Atacama
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ad92	South Naknek, AK: Peter Pan Seafoods
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ad93	Nanchang, China: Nanchang Xiangtang
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ad94	Bagabag, Philippines: Bagabag Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ad95	Cornelio Procopio, Brazil: Cornelio Procopio Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ad96	Tokyo, Japan: Hyakuri
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ad97	Marquette, MI: K. I. Sawyer AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480adad	Montserrat, Montserrat: W. H. Bramble
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480adae	Luxi, China: Mangshi
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480adaf	Slaton, TX: Slaton Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480adb0	Nevsehir, Turkey: Nevsehir Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480adb1	Picayune, MS: Picayune Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480adb2	Haikou, China: Haikou Dayingshan
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480adb3	Hangzhou, China: Jianqiao
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480adb4	Tuxtla Gutierrez, Mexico: Angel Albino Corzo
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480adb5	Mandalay, Burma: Mandalay International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480adb6	Sewanee, TN: Franklin County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480adcc	Amendola, Italy: Amendola Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480adcd	Athens, Greece: Hellinikon
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480adce	Gulf Shores, AL: Jack Edwards
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480adcf	Andalusia/Opp, AL: South Alabama Regional at Bill Benton Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480add0	Frankfort, MI: Frankfort Dow Memorial Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480add1	Potsdam, NY: Potsdam Municipal Damon Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480add2	Ada, OK: Ada Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480add3	Tuxekan Island, AK: Naukati Bay Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480add4	Marble Canyon, AZ: Marble Canyon Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480add5	Middlebury, VT: Middlebury State
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480adeb	Zhezkazgan, Kazakhstan: Zhezkazgan Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480adec	Aberdeen, ID: Aberdeen Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aded	Koroba, Papua New Guinea: Koroba Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480adee	Ingolstadt, Germany: Ingolstadt Manching
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480adef	Leon, Spain: Leon Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480adf0	Loeriesfontein, South Africa: Loeriesfontein Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480adf1	Mae Sot, Thailand: Mae Sot Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480adf2	Oslo, Norway: Oslo Metropolitan Area
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480adf3	Lima, OH: Lima Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480adf4	Ulan-Ude, Russia: Mukhino
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae0a	Austin, TX: Robert Mueller Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae0b	Plainville, CT: Robertson Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae0c	Millbrook, NY: Sky Acres
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae0d	Cabo San Lucas, Mexico: Cabo San Lucas International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae0e	Swidwin, Poland: Swidwin Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae0f	Driggs, ID: Driggs-Reed Memorial
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae10	Masterton, New Zealand: Masterton Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae11	Sulaymaniyah, Iraq: Sulaymaniyah International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae12	Forres, United Kingdom: RAF Kinloss
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae13	Paragould, AR: Kirk Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae29	Derby, Australia: Curtin
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae2a	Salome, AZ: Sheepy Hollow Ranch
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae2b	Saratov, Russia: Engels AFB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae2c	Gregory, SD: Gregory Municipal Flynn Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae2d	Hamilton, NY: Hamilton Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae2e	Demopolis, AL: Demopolis Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae2f	Jebel Ali, United Arab Emirates: Dubai Al Maktoum International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae30	Chatham Kent, Canada: Chatham-Kent
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae31	El Palomar, Argentina: El Palomar Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae32	Fremont, OH: Sandusky County Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae48	Barcelos, Brazil: Barcelos Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae49	Lashkar Gah, Afghanistan: Bastion Airfield
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae4a	Muan, South Korea: Muan International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae4b	Michellville, MD: Freeway
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae4c	Navoi, Uzbekistan: Navoi Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae4d	Weipa, Australia: Scherger
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae4e	Villavicencio, Colombia: Vanguardia
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae4f	Changchun, China: Longjia
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae50	Philadelphia, MS: Philadelphia Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae51	Wadena, MN: Wadena Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae67	Bluffton, OH: Bluffton Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae68	Sialkot, Pakistan: Sialkot International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae69	Independence Creek, AK: Independence Creek Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae6a	Wichita, KS: Beech Factory
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae6b	Jefferson, GA: Jackson County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae6c	Durban, South Africa: King Shaka International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae6d	Hyderabad, India: Rajiv Gandhi International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae6e	Queretaro, Mexico: Queretaro Intercontinental
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae6f	Lebel-sur-Quevillon, Canada: Lebel-sur-Quevillon Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae70	Montague, MA: Turners Falls
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae86	Daqing Shi, China: Saertu
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae87	Bayankhongor, Mongolia: Bayankhongor Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae88	Albert, France: Albert Bray
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae89	Khanty-Mansiysk, Russia: Khanty-Mansiysk Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae8a	Zanjan, Iran: Zanjan Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae8b	Mamitupo, Panama: Mamitupo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae8c	Greenwood, Canada: Greenwood Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae8d	Taunton, MA: Taunton Municipal King Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae8e	Sampit, Indonesia: H.Asan
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480ae8f	Seward Peninsula, AK: Kelly Creek Airstrip
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aea5	Bear Fish Camp, AK: Bear Fish Camp Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aea6	Princeton, ME: Princeton Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aea7	Tubarao, Brazil: Tubarao Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aea8	Jiangsu, China: Lianyungang Baitabu
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aea9	Thablotin, Saudi Arabia: Thablotin Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aeaa	Simsbury, CT: Simsbury Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aeab	Logan, WV: Logan County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aeac	Fairhope, AL: H. L. Sonny Callahan
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aead	Skaneateles, NY: Skaneateles Aero Drome
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480aeae	Johnstown, NY: Fulton County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b14f	Red Wing, MN: Red Wing Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b150	Madison, CT: Griswold
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b151	Oxford, NC: Henderson Oxford
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b152	Islesboro, ME: Islesboro Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b153	Honesdale, PA: Cherry Ridge
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b154	Fairbanks, AK: Gold King Creek
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b155	Ekati, Canada: Ekati Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b156	Cheongju, South Korea: Cheongju International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b157	Squaw Lake, AK: Squaw Lake Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b158	Sevierville, TN: Gatlinburg-Pigeon Forge
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b16e	Beaufort, NC: Michael J. Smith Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b16f	Indianapolis, IN: Indianapolis Metro
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b170	Mattituck, NY: Mattituck Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b171	Colomac, Canada: Colomac Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b172	Tabubil, Papua New Guinea: Tabubil Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b173	Brewster, WA: Anderson Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b174	Moscow, Russia: Ostafyevo
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b175	Chemehuevi Valley, CA: Chemehuevi Valley Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b176	Centralia, Canada: James T. Field Memorial
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b177	Carlisle, PA: Carlisle Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b18d	Middletown, DE: Summit
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b18e	Big Piney, WY: Miley Memorial Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b18f	Londolovit, Papua New Guinea: Kunaye
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b190	Parry Sound, Canada: Parry Sound Area Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b191	Petersburg, WV: Grant County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b192	West Chester, PA: Brandywine
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b193	Marshfield, MA: Marshfield Municipal George Harlow Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b194	Monroeville, AL: Monroe County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b195	Richmond, VA: Hanover County Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b196	Vinh City, Vietnam: Vinh
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b1ac	Paraparaumu, New Zealand: Paraparaumu Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b1ad	Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates: Al Bateen Executive
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b1ae	Medina, OH: Medina Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b1af	Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic: Dr. Joaquin Balaguer International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b1b0	Clewiston, FL: Airglades
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b1b1	Tambor, Costa Rica: Tambor Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b1b2	Troy, AL: Troy Municipal Airport at N Kenneth Campbell
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b1b3	Notchitoches, LA: Natchitoches Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b1b4	Clinton, NC: Clinton Sampson County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b1b5	Indianapolis, IN: Eagle Creek Airpark
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b1cb	Belfast, ME: Belfast Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b1cc	Okeechobee, FL: Okeechobee County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b1cd	Walterboro, SC: Lowcountry Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b1ce	Northampton, MA: Northampton Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b1cf	Simberi Island, Papua New Guinea: Simberi
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b1d0	Telegraph Harbour, Canada: Telegraph Harbour Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b1d1	Collingwood, Canada: Collingwood Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b1d2	Pella, IA: Pella Regional Health Center Heliport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b1d3	Hampton, NH: Hampton Airfield
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b1d4	Winters, TX: Winters Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b1ea	Tebepahwa, Botswana: Thebephatshwa
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b1eb	Memmingen, Germany: Memmingen Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b1ec	Burlington, NC: Burlington Alamance Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b1ed	Oxford, ME: Oxford County Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b1ee	Ganja, Azerbaijan: Ganja Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b1ef	Midlothian/Waxahachie, TX: Mid Way Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b1f0	Nordholz, Germany: Nordholz Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b1f1	Dwyer, Afghanistan: Dwyer Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b1f2	Hammond, LA: Hammond Northshore Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b1f3	Shindand, Afghanistan: Shindand Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b209	Bend, OR: Bend Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b20a	Springerville, AZ: Springerville Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b20b	Hindon, India: Hindon Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b20c	Osceola, WI: L O Simenstad Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b20d	Marsa Alam, Egypt: Marsa Alam International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b20e	Uribia, Colombia: Puerto Bolivar
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b20f	Jean, NV: Jean Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b210	Akun, AK: Akun Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b211	Ocean City, NJ: Ocean City Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b212	Hornell, NY: Hornell Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b228	Whistler, Canada: Green Lake
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b229	Penn Yan, NY: Penn Yan Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b22a	Searchlight, NV: Searchlight Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b22b	Broken Bow, NE: Broken Bow Municipal Kieth Glaze Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b22c	Bogue, Mauritania: Abbaye
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b22d	Salamanca, Spain: Matacan
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b22e	Chingola, Zambia: Kasompe
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b22f	Moncks Corner, SC: Berkeley County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b230	Al Najaf, Iraq: Al Najaf International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b231	Hatay, Japan: Hatay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b247	Qugruc, AK: Qugruc Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b248	Gold King 2, AK: Gold King 2 Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b249	Thomson, GA: Thomson McDuffie County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b24a	Summerville, SC: Summerville Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b24b	Rampart, AK: Hunter Creek
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b24c	Sussex, NJ: Sussex Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b24d	Komo, Papua New Guinea: Komo Old
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b24e	St Stephen, Canada: St Stephen Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b24f	West Dover, VT: Deerfield Valley Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b250	Hallock, MN: Hallock Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b266	Monbetsu, Japan: Monbetsu Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b267	Saga, Japan: Saga Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b268	Liwa, United Arab Emirates: Liwa Airbase
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b269	Hefei, China: Xinqiao
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b26a	Willimantic, CT: Windham
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b26b	Kemerovo, Russia: Kemerovo Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b26c	Turkmenbashi, Turkmenistan: Turkmenbashi Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b26d	Sion, Switzerland: Sion Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b26e	Tracy, CA: Tracy Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b26f	Bedwell Harbour, Canada: Bedwell Harbour Water Aerodrome
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b510	Berry Island, Canada: Farewell Harbour
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b511	Bliss Landing, Canada: Bliss Landing Water Aerodrome
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b512	Cordero Lodge, Canada: Cordero Lodge Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b513	Deer Harbor, WA: Deer Harbor Marina
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b514	Dent Island , Canada: Dent Island Lodge
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b515	Egmont, Canada: Egmont Water Aerodrome
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b516	Galiano Island, Canada: Galiano Island Water Aerodrome
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b517	Hanson Island, Canada: Pacific Outback Resort
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b518	Mansons Landing, Canada: Mansons Landing Water Aerodrome
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b519	Mink Island, Canada: Mink Island Water Aerodrome
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b52f	Nimmo Bay, Canada: Mimmo Bay Water Aerodrome
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b530	Pender Harbour, Canada: Pender Harbour Water Aerodrome
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b531	Princess Lousia Inlet, Canada: Princess Louisa Marina Provincial Park
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b532	Quadra Island, Canada: April Point Resort
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b533	Refuge Cove, Canada: Refuge Cove Water Aerodrome
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b534	Rendezvous Islands, Canada: Rendezvous Islands Water Aerodrome
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b535	Shawl Bay, Canada: Shawl Bay Water Aerodrome
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b536	Shoal Bay, Canada: Shoal Bay Water Aerodrome
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b537	Sointula, Canada: Sointula Water Aerodrome
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b538	Sonora Island, Canada: Sonora Resort
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b54e	Steep Island, Canada: Steep Island Lodge
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b54f	Zips, AK: Zips Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b550	Mont de Marsan, France: Mont de Marsan Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b551	Cascais, Portugal: Cascais Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b552	Warren, VT: Warren Sugarbush
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b553	Lumberton, NJ: Flying W
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b554	Doro, South Sudan: Doro Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b555	Bethel, ME: Bethel Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b556	Ehpriam, WI: Ephraim Gibralter
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b557	Dalcahue, Chile: Mocopulli
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b56d	Tolstoi Bay, AK: Tolstoi Bay Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b56e	Mardin, Turkey: Mardin Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b56f	San Carlos, Costa Rica: Arenal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b570	Bethel2, ME: Cole Dyke
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b571	Quincy, MA: Quincy Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b572	Belen, NM: Belen Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b573	Lusanga, Congo (Kinshasa): Lusanga Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b574	Itaituba, Brazil: Itaituba Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b575	Sarmellek, Hungary: Balaton
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b576	Gila Bend, AZ: Gila Bend Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b58c	Rockingham, NC: Richmond County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b58d	Hua Hin, Thailand: Hua Hin Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b58e	Cranfield, United Kingdom: Cranfield Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b58f	Pittsburgh1, PA: Pittsburgh Northeast
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b590	New Milford, CT: Candlelight Farms
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b591	Seosan, South Korea: Seosan AB
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b592	Oxford, United Kingdom: Oxford Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b593	Fitiuta Village, TT: Fitiuta
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b594	Naypyitaw, Burma: Naypyitaw International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b595	Baker Island, Canada: Blackfish Lodge
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b5ab	Blind Channel, Canada: Blind Channel Water Aerodrome
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b5ac	Camp Orkila Eastsound, WA: Camp Orkila Seaplane Base
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b5ad	Minstrel Island, Canada: Minstrel Island Water Aerodrome
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b5ae	Port Harvey, Canada: Port Harvey Water Aerodrome
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b5af	Shaw Island, WA: Shaw Islands Water Aerodrome
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b5b0	Simoom Sound, Canada: Simoom Sound Water Aerodrome
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b5b1	Danielson, CT: Danielson Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b5b2	Ruwaished, Jordan: H4
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b5b3	Gainesville, TX: Gainesville Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b5b4	Wichita Falls, TX: Kickapoo Downtown
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b5ca	Gambella, Ethiopia: Gambella Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b5cb	York, NE: York Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b5cc	Naknek-1, AK: Icicle Seafoods
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b5cd	Jeffersonville, IN: Clark Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b5ce	Um Almelh, Saudi Arabia: Um Almelh Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b5cf	Brady, TX: Curtis Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b5d0	Dover-Cheswold, DE: Delware Airpark
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b5d1	Tamarindo, Costa Rica: Tamarindo de Santa Cruz
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b5d2	Deadhorse1, AK: Point Thomson Airstrip
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b5d3	Jasper, AL: Walker County Bevill Field
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b5e9	Bradenburg, Germany: Holzdorf
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b5ea	Paloich, South Sudan: Paloich Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b5eb	Toughkenamon, PA: New Garden
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b5ec	Canton, GA: Cherokee County
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b5ed	Astrakhan , Russia: Narimanova
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b5ee	Quarzazate, Morocco: Ouarzazate International
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b5ef	Sirnak, Turkey: Sirnak Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b5f0	Gahcho, Canada: Gahcho Kue
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b5f1	Los Angeles, CA: Whiteman
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b5f2	Marfa, TX: Marfa Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b608	Canandaigua, NY: Canandaigua Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b609	East Haddam, CT: Goodspeed
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b60a	Gettysburg, PA: Gettysburg Regional
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b60b	Dowagiac, MI: Dowagiac Municipal
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b60c	Collegeville, PA: Perkiomen Valley
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b60d	Campia Turzii, Romania: Campia Turzii Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b60e	Wajir, Kenya: Wajir Airport
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@480b60f	Ban Me Thout, Vietnam: Buon Ma Thuot
ru.labs.flights.ReduceSideJoinKey@4f2da98	Unknown Point in Alaska
